69fe178f-26e7-43a9-aa7d-2b616b672dde_eventlogservice.dll              |  11.8 kb
6bea57fb-8dfb-4177-9ae8-42e8b3529933_RuntimeDeviceInstall.dll         |  12.9 kb
@AdvancedKeySettingsNotification.png                                  |  3.1 kb
@AppHelpToast.png                                                     |  0.2 kb
@AudioToastIcon.png                                                   |  0.3 kb
@BackgroundAccessToastIcon.png                                        |  0.4 kb
@bitlockertoastimage.png                                              |  0.2 kb
@edptoastimage.png                                                    |  14.4 kb
@EnrollmentToastIcon.png                                              |  0.3 kb
@language_notification_icon.png                                       |  0.5 kb
@optionalfeatures.png                                                 |  0.5 kb
@StorageSenseToastIcon.png                                            |  0.3 kb
@VpnToastIcon.png                                                     |  0.4 kb
@windows-hello-V4.1.gif                                               |  190.9 kb
@WindowsHelloFaceToastIcon.png                                        |  0.7 kb
@WindowsUpdateToastIcon.contrast-black.png                            |  0.5 kb
@WindowsUpdateToastIcon.contrast-white.png                            |  0.8 kb
@WindowsUpdateToastIcon.png                                           |  0.5 kb
@WirelessDisplayToast.png                                             |  0.7 kb
@WLOGO_48x48.png                                                      |  0.4 kb
aadauthhelper.dll                                                     |  449.0 kb
aadcloudap.dll                                                        |  982.5 kb
aadjcsp.dll                                                           |  96.5 kb
aadtb.dll                                                             |  1386.5 kb
aadWamExtension.dll                                                   |  166.8 kb
AarSvc.dll                                                            |  451.0 kb
AboutSettingsHandlers.dll                                             |  431.9 kb
AboveLockAppHost.dll                                                  |  409.5 kb
AC3ACM.acm                                                            |  80.0 kb
accessibilitycpl.dll                                                  |  274.5 kb
accountaccessor.dll                                                   |  268.0 kb
AccountsRt.dll                                                        |  425.5 kb
AcGenral.dll                                                          |  405.5 kb
AcLayers.dll                                                          |  318.5 kb
acledit.dll                                                           |  11.0 kb
aclui.dll                                                             |  573.5 kb
acmigration.dll                                                       |  468.3 kb
ACPBackgroundManagerPolicy.dll                                        |  191.0 kb
acppage.dll                                                           |  86.5 kb
acproxy.dll                                                           |  13.0 kb
AcSpecfc.dll                                                          |  79.5 kb
ActionCenter.dll                                                      |  314.5 kb
ActionCenterCPL.dll                                                   |  162.5 kb
ActionQueue.dll                                                       |  185.3 kb
ActivationClient.dll                                                  |  55.0 kb
ActivationManager.dll                                                 |  779.0 kb
activeds.dll                                                          |  268.0 kb
activeds.tlb                                                          |  109.5 kb
ActiveHours.png                                                       |  8.1 kb
ActiveSyncCsp.dll                                                     |  101.0 kb
ActiveSyncProvider.dll                                                |  1667.5 kb
actxprxy.dll                                                          |  623.0 kb
AcWinRT.dll                                                           |  67.0 kb
AcXtrnal.dll                                                          |  15.5 kb
AdaptiveCards.dll                                                     |  52.0 kb
AddressParser.dll                                                     |  66.0 kb
adhapi.dll                                                            |  24.0 kb
adhsvc.dll                                                            |  98.0 kb
adprovider.dll                                                        |  59.0 kb
adsldp.dll                                                            |  256.0 kb
adsldpc.dll                                                           |  252.5 kb
adsmsext.dll                                                          |  102.5 kb
adsnt.dll                                                             |  355.5 kb
adtschema.dll                                                         |  845.0 kb
AdvancedEmojiDS.dll                                                   |  164.5 kb
advapi32.dll                                                          |  683.5 kb
advapi32res.dll                                                       |  2.5 kb
advpack.dll                                                           |  148.0 kb
aeevts.dll                                                            |  30.0 kb
aeinv.dll                                                             |  832.3 kb
aepic.dll                                                             |  584.3 kb
agentactivationruntime.dll                                            |  887.5 kb
agentactivationruntimestarter.exe                                     |  13.0 kb
agentactivationruntimewindows.dll                                     |  864.5 kb
aitstatic.exe                                                         |  3156.3 kb
AJRouter.dll                                                          |  25.5 kb
alf2cd.acm                                                            |  38.0 kb
alg.exe                                                               |  93.5 kb
altspace.dll                                                          |  159.0 kb
amcompat.tlb                                                          |  18.5 kb
AmRdrIco.icl                                                          |  1058.0 kb
amsi.dll                                                              |  108.5 kb
amsiproxy.dll                                                         |  14.5 kb
amstream.dll                                                          |  98.5 kb
Analog.Shell.Broker.dll                                               |  214.5 kb
AnalogCommonProxyStub.dll                                             |  30.5 kb
apds.dll                                                              |  250.5 kb
APHostClient.dll                                                      |  70.5 kb
APHostRes.dll                                                         |  16.0 kb
APHostService.dll                                                     |  343.5 kb
apisampling.dll                                                       |  243.0 kb
ApiSetHost.AppExecutionAlias.dll                                      |  109.0 kb
apisetschema.dll                                                      |  125.3 kb
APMon.dll                                                             |  1452.5 kb
AppContracts.dll                                                      |  889.3 kb
AppExtension.dll                                                      |  204.0 kb
apphelp.dll                                                           |  557.5 kb
Apphlpdm.dll                                                          |  34.0 kb
AppHostRegistrationVerifier.exe                                       |  117.5 kb
appidapi.dll                                                          |  68.1 kb
appidcertstorecheck.exe                                               |  48.5 kb
appidpolicyconverter.exe                                              |  157.0 kb
appidsvc.dll                                                          |  83.5 kb
appidtel.exe                                                          |  25.0 kb
appinfo.dll                                                           |  212.5 kb
appinfoext.dll                                                        |  12.0 kb
AppInstallerPrompt.Desktop.dll                                        |  48.5 kb
ApplicationControlCSP.dll                                             |  121.5 kb
ApplicationFrame.dll                                                  |  653.5 kb
ApplicationFrameHost.exe                                              |  76.6 kb
AppListBackupLauncher.dll                                             |  90.5 kb
AppLockerCSP.dll                                                      |  381.0 kb
ApplyTrustOffline.exe                                                 |  1178.7 kb
AppMon.dll                                                            |  113.5 kb
AppointmentActivation.dll                                             |  144.0 kb
AppointmentApis.dll                                                   |  776.5 kb
appraiser.dll                                                         |  2024.3 kb
AppReadiness.dll                                                      |  636.5 kb
apprepapi.dll                                                         |  12.5 kb
AppResolver.dll                                                       |  569.5 kb
ApproveChildRequest.exe                                               |  229.5 kb
appsruprov.dll                                                        |  193.5 kb
appwiz.cpl                                                            |  582.0 kb
AppxAllUserStore.dll                                                  |  370.3 kb
AppXApplicabilityBlob.dll                                             |  206.0 kb
AppxApplicabilityEngine.dll                                           |  233.8 kb
AppXDeploymentClient.dll                                              |  988.1 kb
AppXDeploymentExtensions.desktop.dll                                  |  1728.0 kb
AppXDeploymentExtensions.onecore.dll                                  |  2404.0 kb
AppXDeploymentServer.dll                                              |  3813.0 kb
AppxPackaging.dll                                                     |  1782.3 kb
AppxProvisioning.xml                                                  |  3.2 kb
AppxSip.dll                                                           |  268.5 kb
AppxStreamingDataSourcePS.dll                                         |  22.5 kb
AppxSysprep.dll                                                       |  128.0 kb
archiveint.dll                                                        |  665.5 kb
ARP.EXE                                                               |  26.0 kb
asferror.dll                                                          |  2.5 kb
aspnet_counters.dll                                                   |  32.8 kb
AssignedAccessRuntime.dll                                             |  58.5 kb
aswBoot.exe                                                           |  262.8 kb
asycfilt.dll                                                          |  87.5 kb
at.exe                                                                |  30.5 kb
AtBroker.exe                                                          |  90.5 kb
atl.dll                                                               |  97.5 kb
atl100.dll                                                            |  154.8 kb
atl110.dll                                                            |  188.1 kb
atlthunk.dll                                                          |  40.0 kb
atmlib.dll                                                            |  47.5 kb
attrib.exe                                                            |  22.5 kb
audiodg.exe                                                           |  616.9 kb
AudioEndpointBuilder.dll                                              |  727.0 kb
AudioEng.dll                                                          |  2058.4 kb
AudioHandlers.dll                                                     |  360.5 kb
AUDIOKSE.dll                                                          |  410.1 kb
audioresourceregistrar.dll                                            |  55.0 kb
AudioSes.dll                                                          |  1531.4 kb
audiosrv.dll                                                          |  1795.5 kb
AudioSrvPolicyManager.dll                                             |  341.0 kb
auditcse.dll                                                          |  203.5 kb
auditpol.exe                                                          |  41.0 kb
auditpolcore.dll                                                      |  78.5 kb
AuthBroker.dll                                                        |  211.5 kb
AuthBrokerUI.dll                                                      |  110.0 kb
authentication.dll                                                    |  53.0 kb
AuthExt.dll                                                           |  50.5 kb
authfwcfg.dll                                                         |  548.0 kb
AuthFWGP.dll                                                          |  32.5 kb
AuthFWSnapin.dll                                                      |  4988.0 kb
AuthFWWizFwk.dll                                                      |  110.0 kb
AuthHost.exe                                                          |  136.7 kb
AuthHostProxy.dll                                                     |  19.0 kb
authui.dll                                                            |  279.5 kb
authz.dll                                                             |  290.0 kb
autochk.exe                                                           |  950.0 kb
autoconv.exe                                                          |  925.0 kb
autofmt.exe                                                           |  899.5 kb
autopilot.dll                                                         |  78.5 kb
autopilotdiag.dll                                                     |  25.0 kb
autoplay.dll                                                          |  201.5 kb
autotimesvc.dll                                                       |  111.5 kb
AverageRoom.bin                                                       |  134.9 kb
avicap32.dll                                                          |  82.5 kb
avifil32.dll                                                          |  116.0 kb
avrt.dll                                                              |  29.8 kb
AxInstSv.dll                                                          |  114.0 kb
AxInstUI.exe                                                          |  59.5 kb
azman.msc                                                             |  40.6 kb
azroles.dll                                                           |  620.0 kb
azroleui.dll                                                          |  437.0 kb
AzSqlExt.dll                                                          |  31.5 kb
AzureSettingSyncProvider.dll                                          |  1906.0 kb
BackgroundMediaPolicy.dll                                             |  70.0 kb
backgroundTaskHost.exe                                                |  19.3 kb
BackgroundTransferHost.exe                                            |  36.5 kb
BamSettingsClient.dll                                                 |  15.5 kb
BarcodeProvisioningPlugin.dll                                         |  90.0 kb
basecsp.dll                                                           |  205.3 kb
basesrv.dll                                                           |  70.0 kb
batmeter.dll                                                          |  40.5 kb
bcastdvr.proxy.dll                                                    |  255.5 kb
BcastDVRBroker.dll                                                    |  109.0 kb
BcastDVRClient.dll                                                    |  481.0 kb
BcastDVRCommon.dll                                                    |  239.0 kb
bcastdvruserservice.dll                                               |  1355.0 kb
bcd.dll                                                               |  127.1 kb
bcdboot.exe                                                           |  242.5 kb
bcdedit.exe                                                           |  479.3 kb
bcdprov.dll                                                           |  78.0 kb
bcdsrv.dll                                                            |  85.5 kb
BCP47Langs.dll                                                        |  353.6 kb
BCP47mrm.dll                                                          |  172.5 kb
bcrypt.dll                                                            |  142.8 kb
bcryptprimitives.dll                                                  |  514.5 kb
bdaplgin.ax                                                           |  98.5 kb
BdeHdCfgLib.dll                                                       |  103.5 kb
bderepair.dll                                                         |  49.5 kb
bdesvc.dll                                                            |  548.5 kb
bdeui.dll                                                             |  35.0 kb
BdeUISrv.exe                                                          |  54.5 kb
bdeunlock.exe                                                         |  279.9 kb
BFE.DLL                                                               |  872.0 kb
bhPlugin.dll                                                          |  346.5 kb
bhPluginV2.dll                                                        |  381.5 kb
bi.dll                                                                |  30.0 kb
bidispl.dll                                                           |  65.5 kb
bindfltapi.dll                                                        |  101.5 kb
BingASDS.dll                                                          |  350.0 kb
BingFilterDS.dll                                                      |  97.0 kb
BingMaps.dll                                                          |  8825.5 kb
BingOnlineServices.dll                                                |  690.0 kb
BioCredProv.dll                                                       |  369.5 kb
BioIso.exe                                                            |  728.5 kb
bisrv.dll                                                             |  828.0 kb
BitLockerCsp.dll                                                      |  262.0 kb
BitLockerDeviceEncryption.exe                                         |  174.0 kb
BitLockerWizardElev.exe                                               |  100.0 kb
bitsadmin.exe                                                         |  206.5 kb
bitsigd.dll                                                           |  76.5 kb
bitsperf.dll                                                          |  31.0 kb
BitsProxy.dll                                                         |  66.0 kb
biwinrt.dll                                                           |  325.9 kb
BlbEvents.dll                                                         |  76.0 kb
blbres.dll                                                            |  2.5 kb
blb_ps.dll                                                            |  65.0 kb
BluetoothApis.dll                                                     |  197.5 kb
BluetoothDesktopHandlers.dll                                          |  65.5 kb
BluetoothPairingSystemToastIcon.contrast-black.png                    |  8.3 kb
BluetoothPairingSystemToastIcon.contrast-high.png                     |  8.5 kb
BluetoothPairingSystemToastIcon.contrast-white.png                    |  8.3 kb
BluetoothPairingSystemToastIcon.png                                   |  8.3 kb
BluetoothSystemToastIcon.contrast-white.png                           |  1.3 kb
BluetoothSystemToastIcon.png                                          |  1.2 kb
bnmanager.dll                                                         |  25.5 kb
boot.sdi                                                              |  3096.0 kb
bootcfg.exe                                                           |  95.0 kb
bootim.exe                                                            |  26.0 kb
BootMenuUX.dll                                                        |  344.5 kb
bootsect.exe                                                          |  107.8 kb
bootstr.dll                                                           |  11.3 kb
bootux.dll                                                            |  3899.5 kb
BOOTVID.DLL                                                           |  25.3 kb
bopomofo.uce                                                          |  22.4 kb
bridgeres.dll                                                         |  2.5 kb
bridgeunattend.exe                                                    |  20.5 kb
BrokerLib.dll                                                         |  270.0 kb
browcli.dll                                                           |  57.5 kb
browserbroker.dll                                                     |  279.8 kb
browserexport.exe                                                     |  137.5 kb
BrowserSettingSync.dll                                                |  146.0 kb
browser_broker.exe                                                    |  46.8 kb
browseui.dll                                                          |  14.5 kb
BTAGService.dll                                                       |  999.5 kb
BthAvctpSvc.dll                                                       |  382.0 kb
BthAvrcp.dll                                                          |  335.0 kb
BthAvrcpAppSvc.dll                                                    |  62.0 kb
bthci.dll                                                             |  115.5 kb
BthMtpContextHandler.dll                                              |  33.5 kb
bthpanapi.dll                                                         |  31.0 kb
BthpanContextHandler.dll                                              |  186.5 kb
bthprops.cpl                                                          |  260.5 kb
BthRadioMedia.dll                                                     |  105.0 kb
bthserv.dll                                                           |  208.5 kb
BthTelemetry.dll                                                      |  29.5 kb
bthudtask.exe                                                         |  39.5 kb
btpanui.dll                                                           |  123.0 kb
Bubbles.scr                                                           |  790.5 kb
BWContextHandler.dll                                                  |  65.5 kb
ByteCodeGenerator.exe                                                 |  80.5 kb
cabapi.dll                                                            |  102.0 kb
cabinet.dll                                                           |  143.8 kb
cabview.dll                                                           |  166.0 kb
cacls.exe                                                             |  33.5 kb
Caf64api.dll                                                          |  112.3 kb
CAF64APO2.dll                                                         |  527.2 kb
CAF64BST.dll                                                          |  687.8 kb
calc.exe                                                              |  27.0 kb
CallButtons.dll                                                       |  87.5 kb
CallButtons.ProxyStub.dll                                             |  27.5 kb
CallHistoryClient.dll                                                 |  172.0 kb
CameraCaptureUI.dll                                                   |  128.5 kb
CameraSettingsUIHost.exe                                              |  31.8 kb
CapabilityAccessHandlers.dll                                          |  63.5 kb
CapabilityAccessManager.dll                                           |  382.0 kb
CapabilityAccessManagerClient.dll                                     |  237.0 kb
capauthz.dll                                                          |  311.3 kb
capiprovider.dll                                                      |  62.5 kb
capisp.dll                                                            |  26.0 kb
CaptureService.dll                                                    |  127.5 kb
CastingShellExt.dll                                                   |  89.0 kb
CastLaunch.dll                                                        |  94.5 kb
CastSrv.exe                                                           |  61.0 kb
catsrv.dll                                                            |  467.5 kb
catsrvps.dll                                                          |  47.0 kb
catsrvut.dll                                                          |  510.0 kb
CBDHSvc.dll                                                           |  1001.0 kb
cca.dll                                                               |  90.5 kb
cdd.dll                                                               |  261.0 kb
cdosys.dll                                                            |  1055.5 kb
cdp.dll                                                               |  4881.5 kb
cdprt.dll                                                             |  1724.0 kb
cdpsvc.dll                                                            |  597.5 kb
cdpusersvc.dll                                                        |  491.5 kb
CellularAPI.dll                                                       |  730.0 kb
cellulardatacapabilityhandler.dll                                     |  44.5 kb
cemapi.dll                                                            |  250.0 kb
cero.rs                                                               |  34.0 kb
certca.dll                                                            |  800.0 kb
certcli.dll                                                           |  483.0 kb
certCredProvider.dll                                                  |  47.0 kb
certenc.dll                                                           |  66.5 kb
CertEnroll.dll                                                        |  3272.5 kb
CertEnrollCtrl.exe                                                    |  64.5 kb
CertEnrollUI.dll                                                      |  346.5 kb
certlm.msc                                                            |  61.6 kb
certmgr.dll                                                           |  2185.0 kb
certmgr.msc                                                           |  61.6 kb
CertPKICmdlet.dll                                                     |  69.5 kb
CertPolEng.dll                                                        |  165.0 kb
certprop.dll                                                          |  192.0 kb
certreq.exe                                                           |  551.0 kb
certutil.exe                                                          |  1613.0 kb
cewmdm.dll                                                            |  265.5 kb
cfgbkend.dll                                                          |  79.5 kb
cfgmgr32.dll                                                          |  299.1 kb
CfgSPCellular.dll                                                     |  164.5 kb
CfgSPPolicy.dll                                                       |  135.0 kb
cflapi.dll                                                            |  163.0 kb
cfmifs.dll                                                            |  40.8 kb
cfmifsproxy.dll                                                       |  14.5 kb
Chakra.dll                                                            |  7587.0 kb
Chakradiag.dll                                                        |  147.0 kb
Chakrathunk.dll                                                       |  137.0 kb
changepk.exe                                                          |  100.3 kb
charmap.exe                                                           |  194.0 kb
chartv.dll                                                            |  128.0 kb
ChatApis.dll                                                          |  773.0 kb
chcp.com                                                              |  14.5 kb
CheckNetIsolation.exe                                                 |  29.5 kb
chkdsk.exe                                                            |  26.0 kb
chkntfs.exe                                                           |  22.5 kb
chkwudrv.dll                                                          |  26.0 kb
choice.exe                                                            |  35.0 kb
ChsStrokeDS.dll                                                       |  450.0 kb
chs_singlechar_pinyin.dat                                             |  163.7 kb
ChtAdvancedDS.dll                                                     |  105.0 kb
ChtBopomofoDS.dll                                                     |  453.0 kb
ChtCangjieDS.dll                                                      |  458.5 kb
ChtHkStrokeDS.dll                                                     |  450.0 kb
ChtQuickDS.dll                                                        |  448.0 kb
ChxAPDS.dll                                                           |  529.5 kb
ChxDecoder.dll                                                        |  371.5 kb
ChxHAPDS.dll                                                          |  503.0 kb
chxinputrouter.dll                                                    |  357.5 kb
chxranker.dll                                                         |  120.0 kb
CHxReadingStringIME.dll                                               |  13.0 kb
ci.dll                                                                |  902.5 kb
cic.dll                                                               |  205.0 kb
CIDiag.exe                                                            |  34.0 kb
cimfs.dll                                                             |  181.5 kb
cipher.exe                                                            |  48.5 kb
CIRCoInst.dll                                                         |  11.0 kb
clb.dll                                                               |  18.5 kb
clbcatq.dll                                                           |  657.2 kb
cldapi.dll                                                            |  112.5 kb
cleanmgr.exe                                                          |  292.0 kb
CleanPCCSP.dll                                                        |  59.5 kb
clfsw32.dll                                                           |  84.5 kb
cliconfg.dll                                                          |  91.0 kb
cliconfg.exe                                                          |  30.0 kb
cliconfg.rll                                                          |  36.5 kb
clip.exe                                                              |  32.0 kb
ClipboardServer.dll                                                   |  219.5 kb
Clipc.dll                                                             |  183.1 kb
ClipRenew.exe                                                         |  149.3 kb
ClipSVC.dll                                                           |  1085.0 kb
ClipUp.exe                                                            |  1103.1 kb
clipwinrt.dll                                                         |  2167.3 kb
cloudAP.dll                                                           |  580.5 kb
CloudDomainJoinAUG.dll                                                |  133.5 kb
CloudDomainJoinDataModelServer.dll                                    |  460.0 kb
CloudExperienceHost.dll                                               |  403.3 kb
CloudExperienceHostBroker.dll                                         |  324.8 kb
CloudExperienceHostBroker.exe                                         |  67.3 kb
CloudExperienceHostCommon.dll                                         |  1159.3 kb
CloudExperienceHostUser.dll                                           |  263.8 kb
CloudNotifications.exe                                                |  59.0 kb
clrhost.dll                                                           |  16.0 kb
clusapi.dll                                                           |  1042.5 kb
cmcfg32.dll                                                           |  38.5 kb
cmd.exe                                                               |  283.0 kb
cmdext.dll                                                            |  27.5 kb
cmdial32.dll                                                          |  568.0 kb
cmdkey.exe                                                            |  20.0 kb
cmdl32.exe                                                            |  53.5 kb
cmgrcspps.dll                                                         |  70.0 kb
cmifw.dll                                                             |  103.8 kb
cmintegrator.dll                                                      |  46.5 kb
cmlua.dll                                                             |  45.5 kb
cmmon32.exe                                                           |  44.0 kb
cmpbk32.dll                                                           |  29.5 kb
cmstp.exe                                                             |  96.0 kb
cmstplua.dll                                                          |  20.5 kb
cmutil.dll                                                            |  58.0 kb
cngcredui.dll                                                         |  108.5 kb
cngprovider.dll                                                       |  66.0 kb
cnvfat.dll                                                            |  41.0 kb
cob-au.rs                                                             |  30.0 kb
cofire.exe                                                            |  24.0 kb
cofiredm.dll                                                          |  33.5 kb
colbact.dll                                                           |  81.0 kb
coloradapterclient.dll                                                |  60.5 kb
COLORCNV.DLL                                                          |  198.8 kb
colorcpl.exe                                                          |  85.5 kb
colorui.dll                                                           |  94.5 kb
combase.dll                                                           |  3421.3 kb
comcat.dll                                                            |  10.0 kb
comctl32.dll                                                          |  686.3 kb
comdlg32.dll                                                          |  838.5 kb
comexp.msc                                                            |  121.2 kb
coml2.dll                                                             |  476.7 kb
comp.exe                                                              |  26.5 kb
compact.exe                                                           |  47.5 kb
CompatTelRunner.exe                                                   |  156.3 kb
compmgmt.msc                                                          |  110.6 kb
CompMgmtLauncher.exe                                                  |  89.0 kb
ComposableShellProxyStub.dll                                          |  367.5 kb
ComposerFramework.dll                                                 |  267.0 kb
CompPkgSrv.exe                                                        |  209.5 kb
CompPkgSup.dll                                                        |  207.8 kb
compstui.dll                                                          |  122.5 kb
computecore.dll                                                       |  662.9 kb
computelibeventlog.dll                                                |  15.3 kb
computenetwork.dll                                                    |  98.5 kb
ComputerDefaults.exe                                                  |  80.0 kb
ComputerToastIcon.contrast-white.png                                  |  0.7 kb
ComputerToastIcon.png                                                 |  0.4 kb
computestorage.dll                                                    |  301.4 kb
comrepl.dll                                                           |  135.0 kb
comres.dll                                                            |  2.5 kb
comsnap.dll                                                           |  292.0 kb
comsvcs.dll                                                           |  1656.5 kb
comuid.dll                                                            |  839.0 kb
concrt140.dll                                                         |  308.4 kb
configmanager2.dll                                                    |  687.0 kb
ConfigureExpandedStorage.dll                                          |  64.0 kb
conhost.exe                                                           |  842.0 kb
ConhostV1.dll                                                         |  319.5 kb
connect.dll                                                           |  301.0 kb
ConnectedAccountState.dll                                             |  62.5 kb
consent.exe                                                           |  187.8 kb
ConsentExperienceCommon.dll                                           |  156.0 kb
ConsentUX.dll                                                         |  111.8 kb
ConsentUxClient.dll                                                   |  166.5 kb
console.dll                                                           |  136.0 kb
ConsoleLogon.dll                                                      |  379.0 kb
ConstraintIndex.Search.dll                                            |  1533.5 kb
ContactActivation.dll                                                 |  57.0 kb
ContactApis.dll                                                       |  1005.0 kb
ContactHarvesterDS.dll                                                |  214.0 kb
container.dll                                                         |  239.0 kb
containerdevicemanagement.dll                                         |  226.8 kb
ContentDeliveryManager.Utilities.dll                                  |  1743.8 kb
control.exe                                                           |  160.5 kb
convert.exe                                                           |  22.0 kb
convertvhd.exe                                                        |  224.8 kb
coreaudiopolicymanagerext.dll                                         |  13.5 kb
coredpus.dll                                                          |  289.0 kb
coredpussvr.exe                                                       |  49.5 kb
coreglobconfig.dll                                                    |  210.8 kb
CoreMas.dll                                                           |  280.5 kb
CoreMessaging.dll                                                     |  963.3 kb
CoreMmRes.dll                                                         |  19.5 kb
CoreShell.dll                                                         |  2001.0 kb
CoreShellAPI.dll                                                      |  468.5 kb
CoreShellExtFramework.dll                                             |  103.5 kb
CoreUIComponents.dll                                                  |  3454.6 kb
correngine.dll                                                        |  89.5 kb
CourtesyEngine.dll                                                    |  234.5 kb
cpa_64.vp                                                             |  1.1 kb
CPFilters.dll                                                         |  508.5 kb
CredDialogBroker.dll                                                  |  134.5 kb
CredentialEnrollmentManager.exe                                       |  373.7 kb
CredentialEnrollmentManagerForUser.dll                                |  75.7 kb
CredentialUIBroker.exe                                                |  145.8 kb
CredProv2faHelper.dll                                                 |  104.0 kb
CredProvDataModel.dll                                                 |  583.5 kb
CredProvHelper.dll                                                    |  104.5 kb
credprovhost.dll                                                      |  386.5 kb
credprovs.dll                                                         |  369.5 kb
credprovslegacy.dll                                                   |  192.5 kb
credssp.dll                                                           |  23.5 kb
credui.dll                                                            |  83.0 kb
credwiz.exe                                                           |  39.0 kb
crypt32.dll                                                           |  1350.7 kb
cryptbase.dll                                                         |  33.4 kb
cryptcatsvc.dll                                                       |  128.5 kb
cryptdlg.dll                                                          |  32.0 kb
cryptdll.dll                                                          |  66.1 kb
cryptext.dll                                                          |  72.5 kb
cryptnet.dll                                                          |  187.1 kb
cryptngc.dll                                                          |  439.0 kb
CryptoWinRT.dll                                                       |  369.0 kb
cryptsp.dll                                                           |  81.8 kb
cryptsvc.dll                                                          |  102.5 kb
crypttpmeksvc.dll                                                     |  100.5 kb
cryptui.dll                                                           |  301.0 kb
cryptuiwizard.dll                                                     |  131.5 kb
cryptxml.dll                                                          |  126.6 kb
cscapi.dll                                                            |  50.0 kb
cscdll.dll                                                            |  30.0 kb
cscript.exe                                                           |  157.5 kb
CspCellularSettings.dll                                               |  55.5 kb
csplte.dll                                                            |  186.0 kb
CspProxy.dll                                                          |  65.5 kb
csrr.rs                                                               |  42.5 kb
csrsrv.dll                                                            |  64.5 kb
csrss.exe                                                             |  17.2 kb
CSystemEventsBrokerClient.dll                                         |  22.5 kb
ctfmon.exe                                                            |  11.0 kb
cttune.exe                                                            |  90.0 kb
cttunesvr.exe                                                         |  41.5 kb
curl.exe                                                              |  511.5 kb
CustomInstallExec.exe                                                 |  135.5 kb
CX64APO.dll                                                           |  2299.5 kb
CX64Proxy.dll                                                         |  1493.2 kb
cxapo.lncs                                                            |  5.5 kb
CXAPOAgent64.exe                                                      |  778.7 kb
CXAPOPRO.dll                                                          |  750.6 kb
cxapo_103C84C1_Rev0005.prop                                           |  4.2 kb
CxAudioSvc.exe                                                        |  81.5 kb
cxcredprov.dll                                                        |  113.5 kb
CXHProvisioningServer.dll                                             |  294.0 kb
C_037.NLS                                                             |  64.5 kb
C_10000.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_10001.NLS                                                           |  159.0 kb
C_10002.NLS                                                           |  191.0 kb
C_10003.NLS                                                           |  173.5 kb
C_10004.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_10005.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_10006.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_10007.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_10008.NLS                                                           |  169.5 kb
C_10010.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_10017.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_10021.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_10029.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_10079.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_10081.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_10082.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_1026.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1047.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1140.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1141.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1142.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1143.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1144.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1145.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1146.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1147.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1148.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1149.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1250.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1251.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1252.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1253.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1254.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1255.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1256.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1257.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1258.NLS                                                            |  64.5 kb
C_1361.NLS                                                            |  185.5 kb
C_20000.NLS                                                           |  176.0 kb
C_20001.NLS                                                           |  182.0 kb
C_20002.NLS                                                           |  169.5 kb
C_20003.NLS                                                           |  181.0 kb
C_20004.NLS                                                           |  176.0 kb
C_20005.NLS                                                           |  183.5 kb
C_20105.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20106.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20107.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20108.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20127.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20261.NLS                                                           |  136.5 kb
C_20269.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20273.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20277.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20278.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20280.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20284.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20285.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20290.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20297.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20420.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20423.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20424.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20833.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20838.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20866.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20871.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20880.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20905.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20924.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_20932.NLS                                                           |  176.5 kb
C_20936.NLS                                                           |  169.5 kb
C_20949.NLS                                                           |  173.5 kb
C_21025.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_21027.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_21866.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_28591.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_28592.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_28593.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_28594.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_28595.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_28596.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_28597.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_28598.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_28599.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
c_28603.nls                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_28605.NLS                                                           |  64.5 kb
C_437.NLS                                                             |  65.0 kb
C_500.NLS                                                             |  64.5 kb
c_64.cpa                                                              |  1344.0 kb
C_708.NLS                                                             |  64.5 kb
C_720.NLS                                                             |  65.0 kb
C_737.NLS                                                             |  65.0 kb
C_775.NLS                                                             |  65.0 kb
C_850.NLS                                                             |  65.0 kb
C_852.NLS                                                             |  65.0 kb
C_855.NLS                                                             |  65.0 kb
C_857.NLS                                                             |  65.0 kb
C_858.NLS                                                             |  65.0 kb
C_860.NLS                                                             |  65.0 kb
C_861.NLS                                                             |  65.0 kb
C_862.NLS                                                             |  65.0 kb
C_863.NLS                                                             |  65.0 kb
C_864.NLS                                                             |  65.0 kb
C_865.NLS                                                             |  65.0 kb
C_866.NLS                                                             |  65.0 kb
C_869.NLS                                                             |  65.0 kb
C_870.NLS                                                             |  64.5 kb
C_874.NLS                                                             |  65.0 kb
C_875.NLS                                                             |  64.5 kb
C_932.NLS                                                             |  159.0 kb
C_936.NLS                                                             |  192.0 kb
C_949.NLS                                                             |  192.0 kb
C_950.NLS                                                             |  192.0 kb
C_G18030.DLL                                                          |  222.5 kb
c_GSM7.DLL                                                            |  15.0 kb
C_IS2022.DLL                                                          |  17.5 kb
C_ISCII.DLL                                                           |  14.5 kb
d2d1.dll                                                              |  5928.6 kb
d3d10.dll                                                             |  1189.0 kb
d3d10core.dll                                                         |  36.0 kb
d3d10level9.dll                                                       |  372.7 kb
d3d10warp.dll                                                         |  7095.8 kb
d3d10_1.dll                                                           |  176.5 kb
d3d10_1core.dll                                                       |  36.5 kb
d3d11.dll                                                             |  2446.8 kb
d3d11on12.dll                                                         |  581.5 kb
D3D12.dll                                                             |  114.5 kb
D3D12Core.dll                                                         |  1810.8 kb
d3d8thk.dll                                                           |  14.0 kb
d3d9.dll                                                              |  1830.5 kb
d3d9on12.dll                                                          |  724.5 kb
D3DCompiler_43.dll                                                    |  2466.9 kb
D3DCompiler_47.dll                                                    |  4411.5 kb
d3dcsx_43.dll                                                         |  1862.8 kb
D3DSCache.dll                                                         |  154.4 kb
d3dx10_43.dll                                                         |  499.3 kb
d3dx11_43.dll                                                         |  270.3 kb
d3dx9_30.dll                                                          |  3835.2 kb
D3DX9_43.dll                                                          |  2344.8 kb
dab.dll                                                               |  110.0 kb
dabapi.dll                                                            |  17.0 kb
DAConn.dll                                                            |  54.5 kb
dafAspInfraProvider.dll                                               |  149.0 kb
dafBth.dll                                                            |  276.0 kb
DafDnsSd.dll                                                          |  47.0 kb
dafDockingProvider.dll                                                |  129.0 kb
DafGip.dll                                                            |  71.5 kb
DAFIoT.dll                                                            |  195.0 kb
DAFIPP.dll                                                            |  302.0 kb
DAFMCP.dll                                                            |  314.5 kb
dafpos.dll                                                            |  282.0 kb
DafPrintProvider.dll                                                  |  120.0 kb
dafupnp.dll                                                           |  186.5 kb
dafWCN.dll                                                            |  117.0 kb
dafWfdProvider.dll                                                    |  349.0 kb
DAFWiProv.dll                                                         |  119.0 kb
DAFWSD.dll                                                            |  331.5 kb
DAMediaManager.dll                                                    |  133.5 kb
DAMM.dll                                                              |  123.5 kb
DaOtpCredentialProvider.dll                                           |  320.0 kb
das.dll                                                               |  478.0 kb
dasHost.exe                                                           |  96.5 kb
dataclen.dll                                                          |  61.5 kb
DataExchange.dll                                                      |  232.0 kb
DataExchangeHost.exe                                                  |  253.3 kb
datamarketsvc.dll                                                     |  113.5 kb
DataStoreCacheDumpTool.exe                                            |  159.0 kb
DataUsageHandlers.dll                                                 |  402.0 kb
DataUsageLiveTileTask.exe                                             |  172.5 kb
datusage.dll                                                          |  35.0 kb
davclnt.dll                                                           |  96.0 kb
davhlpr.dll                                                           |  27.5 kb
DavSyncProvider.dll                                                   |  389.0 kb
daxexec.dll                                                           |  670.0 kb
dbgcore.dll                                                           |  162.5 kb
dbgeng.dll                                                            |  6416.5 kb
dbghelp.dll                                                           |  1822.5 kb
DbgModel.dll                                                          |  704.0 kb
dbnetlib.dll                                                          |  119.0 kb
dbnmpntw.dll                                                          |  24.5 kb
dccw.exe                                                              |  101.0 kb
dciman32.dll                                                          |  14.5 kb
dcntel.dll                                                            |  768.3 kb
dcomcnfg.exe                                                          |  11.5 kb
dcomp.dll                                                             |  1927.8 kb
DDACLSys.dll                                                          |  29.3 kb
DdcAntiTheftApi.dll                                                   |  51.5 kb
DdcClaimsApi.dll                                                      |  26.5 kb
DdcComImplementationsDesktop.dll                                      |  54.5 kb
DDDS.dll                                                              |  490.0 kb
ddisplay.dll                                                          |  285.0 kb
ddodiag.exe                                                           |  39.5 kb
DDOIProxy.dll                                                         |  31.0 kb
DDORes.dll                                                            |  46.4 kb
ddraw.dll                                                             |  578.5 kb
ddrawex.dll                                                           |  48.0 kb
DefaultAccountTile.png                                                |  28.8 kb
DefaultDeviceManager.dll                                              |  20.7 kb
DefaultHrtfs.bin                                                      |  4128.0 kb
DefaultPrinterProvider.dll                                            |  26.5 kb
DefaultQuestions.json                                                 |  0.8 kb
Defrag.exe                                                            |  205.5 kb
defragproxy.dll                                                       |  20.0 kb
defragres.dll                                                         |  4.0 kb
defragsvc.dll                                                         |  530.5 kb
delegatorprovider.dll                                                 |  31.0 kb
DeliveryOptimizationMIProv.mof                                        |  16.0 kb
DeliveryOptimizationMIProvUninstall.mof                               |  0.9 kb
deploymentcsphelper.exe                                               |  35.5 kb
deploymentcsps.dll                                                    |  76.5 kb
desk.cpl                                                              |  192.0 kb
deskadp.dll                                                           |  50.0 kb
deskmon.dll                                                           |  48.5 kb
desktopimgdownldr.exe                                                 |  84.5 kb
DesktopKeepOnToastImg.gif                                             |  272.3 kb
DesktopShellAppStateContract.dll                                      |  43.5 kb
DesktopShellExt.dll                                                   |  103.0 kb
DesktopSwitcherDataModel.dll                                          |  256.0 kb
DesktopView.Internal.Broker.dll                                       |  142.5 kb
DesktopView.Internal.Broker.ProxyStub.dll                             |  16.0 kb
DetailedReading-Default.xml                                           |  3.9 kb
DevDispItemProvider.dll                                               |  119.6 kb
DeveloperOptionsSettingsHandlers.dll                                  |  312.0 kb
devenum.dll                                                           |  108.4 kb
deviceaccess.dll                                                      |  235.0 kb
deviceassociation.dll                                                 |  58.7 kb
DeviceCensus.exe                                                      |  57.4 kb
DeviceCenter.dll                                                      |  230.0 kb
DeviceCredential.dll                                                  |  67.5 kb
DeviceCredentialDeployment.exe                                        |  80.5 kb
DeviceDirectoryClient.dll                                             |  281.0 kb
DeviceDisplayStatusManager.dll                                        |  37.0 kb
DeviceDriverRetrievalClient.dll                                       |  46.5 kb
DeviceEject.exe                                                       |  30.0 kb
DeviceElementSource.dll                                               |  129.0 kb
DeviceEnroller.exe                                                    |  438.0 kb
DeviceFlows.DataModel.dll                                             |  1922.5 kb
DeviceMetadataRetrievalClient.dll                                     |  146.0 kb
devicengccredprov.dll                                                 |  231.5 kb
DevicePairing.dll                                                     |  319.0 kb
DevicePairingExperienceMEM.dll                                        |  105.5 kb
DevicePairingFolder.dll                                               |  95.5 kb
DevicePairingProxy.dll                                                |  28.5 kb
DevicePairingWizard.exe                                               |  93.5 kb
DeviceProperties.exe                                                  |  92.5 kb
DeviceReactivation.dll                                                |  90.8 kb
deviceregistration.dll                                                |  226.5 kb
DeviceSetupManager.dll                                                |  281.5 kb
DeviceSetupManagerAPI.dll                                             |  159.0 kb
DeviceSetupStatusProvider.dll                                         |  35.5 kb
DevicesFlowBroker.dll                                                 |  584.0 kb
DevicesFlowUI.App.dll                                                 |  1836.0 kb
DeviceSoftwareInstallationClient.dll                                  |  199.0 kb
DeviceUpdateAgent.dll                                                 |  116.0 kb
DeviceUxRes.dll                                                       |  13.0 kb
devinv.dll                                                            |  656.3 kb
devmgmt.msc                                                           |  142.2 kb
devmgr.dll                                                            |  865.5 kb
DevModeRunAsUserConfig.msc                                            |  12.8 kb
devobj.dll                                                            |  163.0 kb
DevPropMgr.dll                                                        |  123.5 kb
DevQueryBroker.dll                                                    |  63.5 kb
devrtl.dll                                                            |  62.0 kb
dev_64.vp                                                             |  55.0 kb
dfdts.dll                                                             |  46.5 kb
DFDWiz.exe                                                            |  53.5 kb
dfrgui.exe                                                            |  116.5 kb
dfscli.dll                                                            |  65.5 kb
dfshim.dll                                                            |  1546.5 kb
DfsShlEx.dll                                                          |  77.0 kb
dhcpcmonitor.dll                                                      |  15.5 kb
dhcpcore.dll                                                          |  391.0 kb
dhcpcore6.dll                                                         |  299.0 kb
dhcpcsvc.dll                                                          |  99.0 kb
dhcpcsvc6.dll                                                         |  71.5 kb
dhcpsapi.dll                                                          |  218.5 kb
DHolographicDisplay.dll                                               |  4183.5 kb
DiagCpl.dll                                                           |  1075.5 kb
diagnosticdataquery.dll                                               |  54.0 kb
DiagnosticInvoker.dll                                                 |  103.0 kb
DiagnosticLogCSP.dll                                                  |  328.0 kb
diagperf.dll                                                          |  1328.0 kb
DiagSvc.dll                                                           |  201.0 kb
diagtrack.dll                                                         |  3729.5 kb
dialclient.dll                                                        |  241.0 kb
dialer.exe                                                            |  39.0 kb
dialserver.dll                                                        |  181.5 kb
DictationManager.dll                                                  |  490.5 kb
difxapi.dll                                                           |  347.0 kb
dimsjob.dll                                                           |  43.5 kb
dimsroam.dll                                                          |  47.5 kb
dinput.dll                                                            |  169.5 kb
dinput8.dll                                                           |  216.5 kb
Direct2DDesktop.dll                                                   |  25.0 kb
directmanipulation.dll                                                |  614.4 kb
directml.dll                                                          |  1231.5 kb
directxdatabaseupdater.exe                                            |  287.0 kb
discan.dll                                                            |  309.5 kb
diskmgmt.msc                                                          |  46.6 kb
diskpart.exe                                                          |  155.5 kb
diskperf.exe                                                          |  25.0 kb
diskraid.exe                                                          |  331.0 kb
DiskSnapshot.conf                                                     |  83.0 kb
DiskSnapshot.exe                                                      |  83.5 kb
Dism.exe                                                              |  281.3 kb
DismApi.dll                                                           |  1043.3 kb
DispBroker.Desktop.dll                                                |  370.5 kb
DispBroker.dll                                                        |  361.0 kb
dispdiag.exe                                                          |  118.5 kb
dispex.dll                                                            |  29.0 kb
Display.dll                                                           |  153.0 kb
DisplayManager.dll                                                    |  172.0 kb
DisplaySwitch.exe                                                     |  1878.8 kb
DisplaySystemToastIcon.contrast-white.png                             |  0.6 kb
DisplaySystemToastIcon.png                                            |  0.3 kb
divx.dll                                                              |  624.0 kb
divxdec.ax                                                            |  216.0 kb
djctq.rs                                                              |  15.0 kb
djoin.exe                                                             |  74.0 kb
dllhost.exe                                                           |  20.8 kb
dllhst3g.exe                                                          |  12.5 kb
dlnashext.dll                                                         |  321.5 kb
DMAlertListener.ProxyStub.dll                                         |  10.5 kb
DmApiSetExtImplDesktop.dll                                            |  81.5 kb
DMAppsRes.dll                                                         |  2.5 kb
dmcertinst.exe                                                        |  178.5 kb
dmcfghost.exe                                                         |  38.0 kb
dmcfgutils.dll                                                        |  109.5 kb
dmclient.exe                                                          |  117.5 kb
dmcmnutils.dll                                                        |  224.5 kb
dmcommandlineutils.dll                                                |  14.5 kb
dmcsps.dll                                                            |  210.5 kb
dmdlgs.dll                                                            |  470.0 kb
dmdskmgr.dll                                                          |  273.5 kb
dmdskres.dll                                                          |  2.5 kb
dmdskres2.dll                                                         |  2.5 kb
dmenrollengine.dll                                                    |  666.0 kb
dmenterprisediagnostics.dll                                           |  323.0 kb
dmintf.dll                                                            |  55.0 kb
dmiso8601utils.dll                                                    |  14.5 kb
dmloader.dll                                                          |  49.5 kb
DmNotificationBroker.exe                                              |  32.5 kb
dmocx.dll                                                             |  52.0 kb
dmoleaututils.dll                                                     |  30.5 kb
DmOmaCpMo.exe                                                         |  34.5 kb
dmprocessxmlfiltered.dll                                              |  34.0 kb
dmpushproxy.dll                                                       |  28.0 kb
DMPushRouterCore.dll                                                  |  532.5 kb
DMRCDecoder.dll                                                       |  2241.5 kb
DMRServer.dll                                                         |  548.2 kb
dmsynth.dll                                                           |  123.5 kb
dmusic.dll                                                            |  133.0 kb
dmutil.dll                                                            |  27.0 kb
dmvdsitf.dll                                                          |  178.0 kb
dmview.ocx                                                            |  142.5 kb
dmwappushsvc.dll                                                      |  57.5 kb
dmwmicsp.dll                                                          |  151.5 kb
dmxmlhelputils.dll                                                    |  108.5 kb
dnsapi.dll                                                            |  806.5 kb
dnscacheugc.exe                                                       |  33.0 kb
dnscmmc.dll                                                           |  130.5 kb
dnsext.dll                                                            |  9.5 kb
dnshc.dll                                                             |  109.5 kb
dnsrslvr.dll                                                          |  341.5 kb
Docking.VirtualInput.dll                                              |  152.5 kb
DockInterface.ProxyStub.dll                                           |  14.0 kb
docprop.dll                                                           |  43.5 kb
DocumentPerformanceEvents.dll                                         |  75.5 kb
DolbyDecMFT.dll                                                       |  1109.8 kb
domgmt.dll                                                            |  480.0 kb
dosettings.dll                                                        |  287.5 kb
doskey.exe                                                            |  20.0 kb
dosvc.dll                                                             |  1468.0 kb
dot3api.dll                                                           |  92.0 kb
dot3cfg.dll                                                           |  74.5 kb
Dot3Conn.dll                                                          |  29.0 kb
dot3dlg.dll                                                           |  58.0 kb
dot3gpclnt.dll                                                        |  57.5 kb
dot3gpui.dll                                                          |  278.5 kb
dot3hc.dll                                                            |  75.0 kb
dot3mm.dll                                                            |  180.0 kb
dot3msm.dll                                                           |  104.0 kb
dot3svc.dll                                                           |  322.0 kb
dot3ui.dll                                                            |  316.0 kb
dpapi.dll                                                             |  16.0 kb
dpapimig.exe                                                          |  76.0 kb
dpapiprovider.dll                                                     |  57.0 kb
dpapisrv.dll                                                          |  265.5 kb
DpiScaling.exe                                                        |  77.5 kb
dpnaddr.dll                                                           |  6.0 kb
dpnathlp.dll                                                          |  69.0 kb
dpnet.dll                                                             |  483.0 kb
dpnhpast.dll                                                          |  10.0 kb
dpnhupnp.dll                                                          |  10.0 kb
dpnlobby.dll                                                          |  6.0 kb
dpnsvr.exe                                                            |  28.0 kb
dps.dll                                                               |  171.5 kb
dpx.dll                                                               |  718.8 kb
DragDropExperienceCommon.dll                                          |  46.5 kb
DragDropExperienceDataExchangeDelegated.dll                           |  46.5 kb
driverquery.exe                                                       |  85.5 kb
drprov.dll                                                            |  26.0 kb
drt.dll                                                               |  277.0 kb
DrtmAuthTxt.wim                                                       |  11.5 kb
drtprov.dll                                                           |  68.5 kb
drttransport.dll                                                      |  53.5 kb
drvinst.exe                                                           |  296.0 kb
drvsetup.dll                                                          |  141.0 kb
drvstore.dll                                                          |  1296.3 kb
dsauth.dll                                                            |  47.5 kb
DscCore.dll                                                           |  474.0 kb
DscCoreConfProv.dll                                                   |  190.0 kb
dsclient.dll                                                          |  49.1 kb
dscproxy.dll                                                          |  20.0 kb
DscTimer.dll                                                          |  26.5 kb
dsdmo.dll                                                             |  192.0 kb
dskquota.dll                                                          |  131.5 kb
dskquoui.dll                                                          |  228.5 kb
DsmUserTask.exe                                                       |  18.5 kb
dsound.dll                                                            |  601.0 kb
dsparse.dll                                                           |  30.0 kb
dsprop.dll                                                            |  181.5 kb
dsquery.dll                                                           |  183.5 kb
dsreg.dll                                                             |  1262.0 kb
dsregcmd.exe                                                          |  458.0 kb
dsregtask.dll                                                         |  23.0 kb
dsrole.dll                                                            |  28.3 kb
dssec.dat                                                             |  210.9 kb
dssec.dll                                                             |  60.0 kb
dssenh.dll                                                            |  153.3 kb
dssvc.dll                                                             |  159.0 kb
dstokenclean.exe                                                      |  13.0 kb
Dsui.dll                                                              |  176.5 kb
dsuiext.dll                                                           |  86.0 kb
dswave.dll                                                            |  28.0 kb
dtsh.dll                                                              |  37.5 kb
DTUHandler.exe                                                        |  124.3 kb
DTUHandlerPS.dll                                                      |  23.0 kb
DuCsps.dll                                                            |  114.5 kb
dui70.dll                                                             |  1689.5 kb
duser.dll                                                             |  575.5 kb
dusmapi.dll                                                           |  49.5 kb
dusmsvc.dll                                                           |  333.5 kb
dusmtask.exe                                                          |  40.0 kb
dvdplay.exe                                                           |  11.5 kb
dwm.exe                                                               |  92.5 kb
dwmapi.dll                                                            |  164.5 kb
dwmcore.dll                                                           |  3491.0 kb
dwmghost.dll                                                          |  64.5 kb
dwminit.dll                                                           |  49.0 kb
dwmredir.dll                                                          |  158.0 kb
dwmscene.dll                                                          |  2201.5 kb
DWrite.dll                                                            |  2509.0 kb
DWWIN.EXE                                                             |  229.5 kb
DXCore.dll                                                            |  213.9 kb
dxdiag.exe                                                            |  266.0 kb
dxdiagn.dll                                                           |  552.5 kb
dxgi.dll                                                              |  958.9 kb
dxgiadaptercache.exe                                                  |  231.5 kb
dxgwdi.dll                                                            |  22.0 kb
dxilconv.dll                                                          |  1237.9 kb
dxmasf.dll                                                            |  7.0 kb
DXP.dll                                                               |  504.5 kb
dxpps.dll                                                             |  37.0 kb
Dxpserver.exe                                                         |  310.5 kb
DxpTaskSync.dll                                                       |  325.5 kb
dxtmsft.dll                                                           |  468.0 kb
dxtrans.dll                                                           |  281.5 kb
dxva2.dll                                                             |  130.2 kb
DynamicLong.bin                                                       |  728.1 kb
DynamicMedium.bin                                                     |  503.1 kb
DynamicShort.bin                                                      |  315.6 kb
dynamoapi.dll                                                         |  57.0 kb
EAMProgressHandler.dll                                                |  49.5 kb
Eap3Host.exe                                                          |  13.5 kb
eapp3hst.dll                                                          |  361.0 kb
eappcfg.dll                                                           |  276.5 kb
eappcfgui.dll                                                         |  355.0 kb
eappgnui.dll                                                          |  104.5 kb
eapphost.dll                                                          |  344.0 kb
eappprxy.dll                                                          |  73.0 kb
eapprovp.dll                                                          |  51.0 kb
eapputil.dll                                                          |  138.5 kb
eapsimextdesktop.dll                                                  |  147.0 kb
eapsvc.dll                                                            |  110.0 kb
EapTeapAuth.dll                                                       |  217.5 kb
EapTeapConfig.dll                                                     |  182.0 kb
EapTeapExt.dll                                                        |  113.0 kb
easconsent.dll                                                        |  23.0 kb
EaseOfAccessDialog.exe                                                |  123.0 kb
easinvoker.exe                                                        |  77.2 kb
easinvoker.proxystub.dll                                              |  28.5 kb
EASPolicyManagerBrokerHost.exe                                        |  63.0 kb
EasPolicyManagerBrokerPS.dll                                          |  14.5 kb
easwrt.dll                                                            |  179.0 kb
edgeangle.dll                                                         |  2035.5 kb
EdgeContent.dll                                                       |  3662.0 kb
edgehtml.dll                                                          |  25653.0 kb
edgeIso.dll                                                           |  437.5 kb
EdgeManager.dll                                                       |  922.5 kb
EditBufferTestHook.dll                                                |  86.5 kb
EditionUpgradeHelper.dll                                              |  175.0 kb
EditionUpgradeManagerObj.dll                                          |  235.5 kb
edpauditapi.dll                                                       |  137.0 kb
EDPCleanup.exe                                                        |  167.5 kb
edpcsp.dll                                                            |  160.0 kb
edpnotify.exe                                                         |  61.5 kb
edptask.dll                                                           |  70.5 kb
edputil.dll                                                           |  123.0 kb
EduPrintProv.exe                                                      |  98.0 kb
eeprov.dll                                                            |  229.5 kb
eeutil.dll                                                            |  57.5 kb
efsadu.dll                                                            |  130.0 kb
efscore.dll                                                           |  1156.9 kb
efsext.dll                                                            |  73.5 kb
efslsaext.dll                                                         |  84.5 kb
efssvc.dll                                                            |  83.5 kb
efsui.exe                                                             |  14.5 kb
efsutil.dll                                                           |  46.0 kb
efswrt.dll                                                            |  867.0 kb
EhStorAPI.dll                                                         |  131.5 kb
EhStorAuthn.exe                                                       |  128.5 kb
EhStorPwdMgr.dll                                                      |  111.0 kb
EhStorShell.dll                                                       |  205.0 kb
els.dll                                                               |  230.0 kb
ELSCore.dll                                                           |  79.0 kb
elshyph.dll                                                           |  145.0 kb
elslad.dll                                                            |  685.5 kb
elsTrans.dll                                                          |  30.5 kb
EM.exe                                                                |  656.2 kb
EmailApis.dll                                                         |  1119.0 kb
embeddedmodesvc.dll                                                   |  156.0 kb
embeddedmodesvcapi.dll                                                |  47.0 kb
EmojiDS.dll                                                           |  60.0 kb
encapi.dll                                                            |  26.5 kb
energy.dll                                                            |  653.5 kb
energyprov.dll                                                        |  181.0 kb
energytask.dll                                                        |  26.0 kb
enrollmentapi.dll                                                     |  55.0 kb
EnterpriseAPNCsp.dll                                                  |  162.5 kb
EnterpriseAppMgmtClient.dll                                           |  25.0 kb
EnterpriseAppMgmtSvc.dll                                              |  587.5 kb
enterprisecsps.dll                                                    |  1751.5 kb
EnterpriseDesktopAppMgmtCSP.dll                                       |  117.0 kb
enterpriseetw.dll                                                     |  19.5 kb
EnterpriseModernAppMgmtCSP.dll                                        |  196.5 kb
enterpriseresourcemanager.dll                                         |  111.0 kb
EoAExperiences.exe                                                    |  148.5 kb
eqossnap.dll                                                          |  83.0 kb
ErrorDetails.dll                                                      |  198.5 kb
ErrorDetailsCore.dll                                                  |  45.0 kb
es.dll                                                                |  405.0 kb
EsdSip.dll                                                            |  20.5 kb
esent.dll                                                             |  3206.5 kb
esentprf.dll                                                          |  64.0 kb
esentutl.exe                                                          |  400.0 kb
esevss.dll                                                            |  37.5 kb
eShims.dll                                                            |  142.5 kb
esrb.rs                                                               |  33.0 kb
ETDApi.dll                                                            |  421.1 kb
ETDApix.dll                                                           |  477.2 kb
ETDCmds.dll                                                           |  575.6 kb
ETDCtrl.exe                                                           |  1187.1 kb
ETDCtrlHelper.exe                                                     |  390.1 kb
ETDFavorite.dll                                                       |  461.1 kb
ETDService.exe                                                        |  208.1 kb
ETDTouch.exe                                                          |  155.6 kb
EthernetMediaManager.dll                                              |  189.0 kb
ETWCoreUIComponentsResources.dll                                      |  2.5 kb
ETWESEProviderResources.dll                                           |  86.0 kb
EtwRundown.dll                                                        |  50.0 kb
eudcedit.exe                                                          |  365.5 kb
eUICCsCSP.dll                                                         |  134.0 kb
EventAggregation.dll                                                  |  77.5 kb
eventcls.dll                                                          |  17.5 kb
eventcreate.exe                                                       |  43.5 kb
EventViewer_EventDetails.xsl                                          |  17.5 kb
eventvwr.exe                                                          |  82.5 kb
eventvwr.msc                                                          |  141.7 kb
evr.dll                                                               |  755.6 kb
ExecModelClient.dll                                                   |  373.3 kb
execmodelproxy.dll                                                    |  79.0 kb
expand.exe                                                            |  66.0 kb
ExplorerFrame.dll                                                     |  2151.5 kb
ExSMime.dll                                                           |  263.5 kb
extrac32.exe                                                          |  34.5 kb
ExtrasXmlParser.dll                                                   |  24.0 kb
f3ahvoas.dll                                                          |  8.5 kb
facecredentialprovider.dll                                            |  587.0 kb
Facilitator.dll                                                       |  999.8 kb
Family.Authentication.dll                                             |  101.5 kb
Family.Cache.dll                                                      |  159.5 kb
Family.Client.dll                                                     |  149.5 kb
Family.SyncEngine.dll                                                 |  282.0 kb
FamilySafetyExt.dll                                                   |  14.0 kb
Faultrep.dll                                                          |  484.7 kb
FaxPrinterInstaller.dll                                               |  31.0 kb
fc.exe                                                                |  25.5 kb
fcon.dll                                                              |  259.5 kb
fdBth.dll                                                             |  69.5 kb
fdBthProxy.dll                                                        |  14.0 kb
FdDevQuery.dll                                                        |  35.0 kb
fde.dll                                                               |  166.0 kb
fdeploy.dll                                                           |  160.5 kb
fdPHost.dll                                                           |  21.0 kb
fdPnp.dll                                                             |  54.5 kb
fdprint.dll                                                           |  185.0 kb
fdProxy.dll                                                           |  66.5 kb
FDResPub.dll                                                          |  35.0 kb
fdSSDP.dll                                                            |  111.0 kb
fdWCN.dll                                                             |  112.5 kb
fdWNet.dll                                                            |  30.5 kb
fdWSD.dll                                                             |  154.0 kb
FeatureToastBulldogImg.png                                            |  43.2 kb
FeatureToastDlpImg.png                                                |  16.5 kb
feclient.dll                                                          |  247.0 kb
ffbroker.dll                                                          |  70.0 kb
fhcat.dll                                                             |  294.0 kb
fhcfg.dll                                                             |  431.0 kb
fhcleanup.dll                                                         |  55.5 kb
fhcpl.dll                                                             |  373.0 kb
fhengine.dll                                                          |  242.5 kb
fhevents.dll                                                          |  72.0 kb
fhlisten.dll                                                          |  66.0 kb
fhmanagew.exe                                                         |  137.5 kb
fhsettingsprovider.dll                                                |  442.5 kb
fhshl.dll                                                             |  153.0 kb
fhsrchapi.dll                                                         |  80.5 kb
fhsrchph.dll                                                          |  70.0 kb
fhsvc.dll                                                             |  121.5 kb
fhsvcctl.dll                                                          |  30.5 kb
fhtask.dll                                                            |  60.5 kb
fhuxadapter.dll                                                       |  129.5 kb
fhuxapi.dll                                                           |  16.5 kb
fhuxcommon.dll                                                        |  46.5 kb
fhuxgraphics.dll                                                      |  76.5 kb
fhuxpresentation.dll                                                  |  881.5 kb
fidocredprov.dll                                                      |  230.5 kb
FileAppxStreamingDataSource.dll                                       |  34.0 kb
FileHistory.exe                                                       |  244.0 kb
filemgmt.dll                                                          |  401.0 kb
FilterDS.dll                                                          |  166.5 kb
find.exe                                                              |  17.5 kb
findnetprinters.dll                                                   |  66.0 kb
findstr.exe                                                           |  35.5 kb
finger.exe                                                            |  16.0 kb
fingerprintcredential.dll                                             |  104.0 kb
Firewall.cpl                                                          |  7.0 kb
FirewallAPI.dll                                                       |  621.0 kb
FirewallControlPanel.dll                                              |  376.5 kb
fixmapi.exe                                                           |  21.0 kb
FlightSettings.dll                                                    |  918.5 kb
fltLib.dll                                                            |  32.3 kb
fltMC.exe                                                             |  30.5 kb
FluencyDS.dll                                                         |  2998.5 kb
FM20.DLL                                                              |  1552.8 kb
FM20enu.DLL                                                           |  31.3 kb
fmapi.dll                                                             |  73.5 kb
fmifs.dll                                                             |  62.5 kb
fms.dll                                                               |  201.5 kb
FNTCACHE.DAT                                                          |  371.1 kb
FntCache.dll                                                          |  1390.5 kb
fodhelper.exe                                                         |  48.5 kb
Fondue.exe                                                            |  110.5 kb
fontdrvhost.exe                                                       |  808.0 kb
fontext.dll                                                           |  966.0 kb
FontGlyphAnimator.dll                                                 |  61.0 kb
fontgroupsoverride.dll                                                |  19.0 kb
FontProvider.dll                                                      |  137.0 kb
fontsub.dll                                                           |  124.0 kb
fontview.exe                                                          |  120.5 kb
forfiles.exe                                                          |  51.0 kb
format.com                                                            |  41.5 kb
fpb.rs                                                                |  40.5 kb
fphc.dll                                                              |  123.0 kb
framedyn.dll                                                          |  244.5 kb
framedynos.dll                                                        |  305.5 kb
FrameServer.dll                                                       |  965.5 kb
FrameServerClient.dll                                                 |  413.0 kb
frprov.dll                                                            |  85.5 kb
fsavailux.exe                                                         |  17.0 kb
FsIso.exe                                                             |  98.9 kb
fsmgmt.msc                                                            |  141.5 kb
FsNVSDeviceSource.dll                                                 |  657.0 kb
fsquirt.exe                                                           |  143.5 kb
fsutil.exe                                                            |  209.8 kb
fsutilext.dll                                                         |  33.0 kb
fthsvc.dll                                                            |  67.5 kb
ftp.exe                                                               |  57.5 kb
fundisc.dll                                                           |  155.5 kb
fveapi.dll                                                            |  959.5 kb
fveapibase.dll                                                        |  415.0 kb
fvecerts.dll                                                          |  27.5 kb
fvecpl.dll                                                            |  400.0 kb
fvenotify.exe                                                         |  170.0 kb
fveskybackup.dll                                                      |  99.0 kb
fveui.dll                                                             |  343.0 kb
fvewiz.dll                                                            |  798.0 kb
fwbase.dll                                                            |  210.5 kb
fwcfg.dll                                                             |  57.5 kb
fwmdmcsp.dll                                                          |  180.0 kb
fwpolicyiomgr.dll                                                     |  305.0 kb
FWPUCLNT.DLL                                                          |  494.5 kb
FwRemoteSvr.dll                                                       |  99.5 kb
FXSAPI.dll                                                            |  285.5 kb
FXSCOM.dll                                                            |  92.0 kb
FXSCOMEX.dll                                                          |  605.0 kb
FXSCOMPOSE.dll                                                        |  424.0 kb
FXSCOMPOSERES.dll                                                     |  34.5 kb
FXSCOVER.exe                                                          |  242.5 kb
FXSEVENT.dll                                                          |  8.0 kb
FXSMON.dll                                                            |  48.0 kb
FXSRESM.dll                                                           |  904.0 kb
FXSROUTE.dll                                                          |  80.0 kb
FXSST.dll                                                             |  840.0 kb
FXSSVC.exe                                                            |  646.0 kb
FXST30.dll                                                            |  252.5 kb
FXSTIFF.dll                                                           |  406.0 kb
FXSUNATD.exe                                                          |  19.5 kb
FXSUTILITY.dll                                                        |  182.0 kb
g711codc.ax                                                           |  59.5 kb
GameBarPresenceWriter.exe                                             |  334.0 kb
GameBarPresenceWriter.proxy.dll                                       |  13.5 kb
GameChatOverlayExt.dll                                                |  12.5 kb
GameChatTranscription.dll                                             |  129.0 kb
GameInput.dll                                                         |  70.3 kb
gamemode.dll                                                          |  39.5 kb
GamePanel.exe                                                         |  1247.5 kb
GamePanelExternalHook.dll                                             |  29.0 kb
gamestreamingext.dll                                                  |  10.5 kb
GameSystemToastIcon.contrast-white.png                                |  1.4 kb
GameSystemToastIcon.png                                               |  1.1 kb
gameux.dll                                                            |  25.0 kb
gamingtcui.dll                                                        |  165.5 kb
gatherNetworkInfo.vbs                                                 |  86.7 kb
gb2312.uce                                                            |  23.4 kb
gcdef.dll                                                             |  132.0 kb
gdi32.dll                                                             |  158.4 kb
gdi32full.dll                                                         |  1051.7 kb
GdiPlus.dll                                                           |  1669.0 kb
generaltel.dll                                                        |  588.3 kb
GenValObj.exe                                                         |  658.2 kb
Geocommon.dll                                                         |  50.5 kb
Geolocation.dll                                                       |  477.5 kb
getmac.exe                                                            |  88.0 kb
getuname.dll                                                          |  11.0 kb
GfxValDisplayLog.bin                                                  |  0.0 kb
glmf32.dll                                                            |  505.0 kb
globinputhost.dll                                                     |  126.0 kb
glu32.dll                                                             |  160.5 kb
gmsaclient.dll                                                        |  39.0 kb
gpapi.dll                                                             |  131.6 kb
GPCSEWrapperCsp.dll                                                   |  76.5 kb
gpedit.dll                                                            |  613.5 kb
gpprnext.dll                                                          |  39.5 kb
gpresult.exe                                                          |  222.5 kb
gpsvc.dll                                                             |  1304.5 kb
gptext.dll                                                            |  26.5 kb
gpupdate.exe                                                          |  30.0 kb
GraphicsCapture.dll                                                   |  132.0 kb
GraphicsPerfSvc.dll                                                   |  104.0 kb
grb.rs                                                                |  19.0 kb
Groupinghc.dll                                                        |  76.0 kb
grpconv.exe                                                           |  51.5 kb
h265e_64.vp                                                           |  13.8 kb
hal.dll                                                               |  17.8 kb
HalExtIntcLpioDMA.dll                                                 |  20.5 kb
HalExtPL080.dll                                                       |  18.5 kb
HandwritingSystemToastIcon.contrast-white.png                         |  1.2 kb
HandwritingSystemToastIcon.png                                        |  0.9 kb
hascsp.dll                                                            |  89.5 kb
HashtagDS.dll                                                         |  108.0 kb
hbaapi.dll                                                            |  82.0 kb
hcproviders.dll                                                       |  62.5 kb
HdcpHandler.dll                                                       |  301.1 kb
hdwwiz.cpl                                                            |  377.0 kb
hdwwiz.exe                                                            |  66.5 kb
HeadphoneSystemToastIcon.contrast-white.png                           |  1.4 kb
HeadphoneSystemToastIcon.png                                          |  1.1 kb
HeadsetSystemToastIcon.contrast-white.png                             |  1.5 kb
HeadsetSystemToastIcon.png                                            |  1.2 kb
HealthSystemToastIcon.contrast-white.png                              |  1.8 kb
HealthSystemToastIcon.png                                             |  1.6 kb
HeatCore.dll                                                          |  299.5 kb
help.exe                                                              |  12.0 kb
HelpPaneProxy.dll                                                     |  57.0 kb
he_64.vp                                                              |  13.3 kb
hgcpl.dll                                                             |  656.0 kb
hgprint.dll                                                           |  223.5 kb
hhctrl.ocx                                                            |  712.5 kb
hhsetup.dll                                                           |  55.5 kb
hid.dll                                                               |  36.5 kb
HidCfu.dll                                                            |  212.5 kb
hidphone.tsp                                                          |  40.5 kb
hidserv.dll                                                           |  35.5 kb
hlink.dll                                                             |  136.0 kb
hmkd.dll                                                              |  59.0 kb
hnetcfg.dll                                                           |  393.0 kb
HNetCfgClient.dll                                                     |  252.5 kb
hnetmon.dll                                                           |  16.5 kb
HologramCompositor.dll                                                |  1220.5 kb
hologramcompositor.lock                                               |  0.0 kb
HologramWorld.dll                                                     |  18328.5 kb
HolographicBenchmark.exe                                              |  629.5 kb
HolographicExtensions.dll                                             |  829.0 kb
HolographicRuntimes.dll                                               |  477.5 kb
HoloShellRuntime.dll                                                  |  237.0 kb
HoloSHExtensions.dll                                                  |  165.5 kb
HoloSI.PCShell.dll                                                    |  1067.0 kb
HOSTNAME.EXE                                                          |  14.5 kb
hotplug.dll                                                           |  91.5 kb
HPIMMA64.dll                                                          |  988.5 kb
HPMUIDir.exe                                                          |  141.3 kb
HrtfApo.dll                                                           |  463.0 kb
html.iec                                                              |  417.0 kb
httpapi.dll                                                           |  36.0 kb
httpprxc.dll                                                          |  18.5 kb
httpprxm.dll                                                          |  121.5 kb
httpprxp.dll                                                          |  20.0 kb
HttpsDataSource.dll                                                   |  255.5 kb
htui.dll                                                              |  44.0 kb
hvax64.exe                                                            |  1240.3 kb
hvhostsvc.dll                                                         |  64.8 kb
hvix64.exe                                                            |  1536.3 kb
hvloader.dll                                                          |  116.3 kb
HvSocket.dll                                                          |  44.8 kb
Hydrogen.dll                                                          |  23704.0 kb
IA2ComProxy.dll                                                       |  49.5 kb
ias.dll                                                               |  32.0 kb
iasacct.dll                                                           |  85.5 kb
iasads.dll                                                            |  77.0 kb
iasdatastore.dll                                                      |  76.0 kb
iashlpr.dll                                                           |  90.0 kb
IasMigPlugin.dll                                                      |  680.8 kb
iasnap.dll                                                            |  146.5 kb
iaspolcy.dll                                                          |  49.0 kb
iasrad.dll                                                            |  233.0 kb
iasrecst.dll                                                          |  180.5 kb
iassam.dll                                                            |  257.5 kb
iassdo.dll                                                            |  453.5 kb
iassvcs.dll                                                           |  141.0 kb
iaStorAfsNative.exe                                                   |  215.2 kb
iaStorAfsService.exe                                                  |  2960.2 kb
ibtsiva.exe                                                           |  524.3 kb
icacls.exe                                                            |  38.5 kb
icfupgd.dll                                                           |  161.8 kb
icm32.dll                                                             |  248.0 kb
icmp.dll                                                              |  3.0 kb
icmui.dll                                                             |  27.5 kb
IconCodecService.dll                                                  |  14.0 kb
IcsEntitlementHost.exe                                                |  37.0 kb
icsigd.dll                                                            |  69.0 kb
icsunattend.exe                                                       |  15.5 kb
icsvc.dll                                                             |  286.3 kb
icsvcext.dll                                                          |  297.5 kb
icu.dll                                                               |  2207.5 kb
icuin.dll                                                             |  24.5 kb
icuuc.dll                                                             |  29.0 kb
IdCtrls.dll                                                           |  117.0 kb
ideograf.uce                                                          |  59.0 kb
IdListen.dll                                                          |  197.5 kb
idndl.dll                                                             |  10.0 kb
IDStore.dll                                                           |  156.5 kb
ie4uinit.exe                                                          |  248.5 kb
ie4ushowIE.exe                                                        |  93.0 kb
IEAdvpack.dll                                                         |  148.0 kb
ieapfltr.dll                                                          |  866.0 kb
iedkcs32.dll                                                          |  403.5 kb
ieframe.dll                                                           |  7535.0 kb
iemigplugin.dll                                                       |  64.0 kb
iepeers.dll                                                           |  183.0 kb
ieproxy.dll                                                           |  907.5 kb
iernonce.dll                                                          |  47.0 kb
iertutil.dll                                                          |  2747.5 kb
IESettingSync.exe                                                     |  520.5 kb
iesetup.dll                                                           |  78.0 kb
iesysprep.dll                                                         |  46.0 kb
ieui.dll                                                              |  559.0 kb
ieuinit.inf                                                           |  3.3 kb
ieUnatt.exe                                                           |  155.0 kb
iexpress.exe                                                          |  166.5 kb
ifmon.dll                                                             |  31.5 kb
ifsutil.dll                                                           |  221.3 kb
ifsutilx.dll                                                          |  16.5 kb
igdDiag.dll                                                           |  87.0 kb
IHDS.dll                                                              |  193.0 kb
ihvrilproxy.dll                                                       |  63.0 kb
IKEEXT.DLL                                                            |  1029.5 kb
imaadp32.acm                                                          |  36.6 kb
imagehlp.dll                                                          |  104.9 kb
imageres.dll                                                          |  2.5 kb
imagesp1.dll                                                          |  2.5 kb
imapi.dll                                                             |  138.5 kb
imapi2.dll                                                            |  507.0 kb
imapi2fs.dll                                                          |  982.0 kb
imgutil.dll                                                           |  57.0 kb
imm32.dll                                                             |  181.1 kb
immersivetpmvscmgrsvr.exe                                             |  123.5 kb
ImplatSetup.dll                                                       |  132.3 kb
IndexedDbLegacy.dll                                                   |  231.5 kb
inetcomm.dll                                                          |  1005.5 kb
inetcpl.cpl                                                           |  546.5 kb
inetmib1.dll                                                          |  67.0 kb
inetpp.dll                                                            |  180.0 kb
inetppui.dll                                                          |  34.5 kb
INETRES.dll                                                           |  83.5 kb
InfDefaultInstall.exe                                                 |  13.5 kb
InkEd.dll                                                             |  267.5 kb
InkObjCore.dll                                                        |  931.5 kb
InprocLogger.dll                                                      |  59.5 kb
input.dll                                                             |  369.8 kb
InputCloudStore.dll                                                   |  150.5 kb
InputController.dll                                                   |  68.0 kb
InputHost.dll                                                         |  1346.8 kb
InputInjectionBroker.dll                                              |  133.0 kb
InputLocaleManager.dll                                                |  139.0 kb
InputService.dll                                                      |  4620.5 kb
InputSwitch.dll                                                       |  528.0 kb
InputSwitchToastHandler.exe                                           |  84.5 kb
InputSystemToastIcon.contrast-white.png                               |  1.3 kb
InputSystemToastIcon.png                                              |  0.9 kb
inseng.dll                                                            |  117.5 kb
InstallService.dll                                                    |  2374.0 kb
InstallServiceTasks.dll                                               |  226.5 kb
IntelIHVRouter08.dll                                                  |  1386.1 kb
IntelSSTPreprocStreamer.dll                                           |  55547.9 kb
IntelWifiIhv06.dll                                                    |  179.2 kb
IntelWovSDK.dll                                                       |  984.9 kb
intel_gfx_api-x64.dll                                                 |  213.6 kb
internetmail.dll                                                      |  706.5 kb
InternetMailCsp.dll                                                   |  95.0 kb
intl.cpl                                                              |  233.0 kb
invagent.dll                                                          |  568.3 kb
iologmsg.dll                                                          |  2.5 kb
ipconfig.exe                                                          |  35.0 kb
IPELoggingDictationHelper.dll                                         |  74.0 kb
IPHLPAPI.DLL                                                          |  225.0 kb
iphlpsvc.dll                                                          |  821.5 kb
ipnathlp.dll                                                          |  604.5 kb
IpNatHlpClient.dll                                                    |  32.0 kb
iprtprio.dll                                                          |  11.5 kb
iprtrmgr.dll                                                          |  613.5 kb
ipsecsnp.dll                                                          |  413.0 kb
IPSECSVC.DLL                                                          |  452.5 kb
ipsmsnap.dll                                                          |  520.0 kb
ipxlatcfg.dll                                                         |  64.5 kb
iri.dll                                                               |  49.9 kb
irprops.cpl                                                           |  36.5 kb
iscsicli.exe                                                          |  49.5 kb
iscsicpl.dll                                                          |  107.0 kb
iscsicpl.exe                                                          |  12.5 kb
iscsidsc.dll                                                          |  78.0 kb
iscsied.dll                                                           |  12.5 kb
iscsiexe.dll                                                          |  157.0 kb
iscsilog.dll                                                          |  16.5 kb
iscsium.dll                                                           |  36.5 kb
iscsiwmi.dll                                                          |  82.5 kb
iscsiwmiv2.dll                                                        |  128.0 kb
ISM.dll                                                               |  2197.5 kb
isoburn.exe                                                           |  119.5 kb
itircl.dll                                                            |  201.0 kb
itss.dll                                                              |  173.0 kb
iuilp.dll                                                             |  51.5 kb
iumbase.dll                                                           |  26.3 kb
iumcrypt.dll                                                          |  69.1 kb
iumdll.dll                                                            |  16.2 kb
IumSdk.dll                                                            |  22.1 kb
iwmssvc.dll                                                           |  2553.1 kb
iyuv_32.dll                                                           |  53.0 kb
JavaScriptCollectionAgent.dll                                         |  88.5 kb
JHI.dll                                                               |  320.5 kb
JHI64.dll                                                             |  320.5 kb
jhi_service.exe                                                       |  563.0 kb
joinproviderol.dll                                                    |  55.5 kb
joinutil.dll                                                          |  148.0 kb
joy.cpl                                                               |  97.0 kb
JpMapControl.dll                                                      |  684.0 kb
jpndecoder.dll                                                        |  372.5 kb
jpninputrouter.dll                                                    |  78.5 kb
jpnranker.dll                                                         |  290.5 kb
JpnServiceDS.dll                                                      |  240.0 kb
jscript.dll                                                           |  833.5 kb
jscript9.dll                                                          |  4774.5 kb
jscript9diag.dll                                                      |  697.5 kb
jsproxy.dll                                                           |  52.0 kb
kanji_1.uce                                                           |  6.8 kb
kanji_2.uce                                                           |  8.3 kb
kbd101.dll                                                            |  8.5 kb
kbd101a.dll                                                           |  8.0 kb
kbd101b.dll                                                           |  8.0 kb
kbd101c.dll                                                           |  8.0 kb
kbd103.dll                                                            |  8.0 kb
kbd106.dll                                                            |  8.5 kb
kbd106n.dll                                                           |  8.5 kb
KBDA1.DLL                                                             |  7.5 kb
KBDA2.DLL                                                             |  7.5 kb
KBDA3.DLL                                                             |  8.0 kb
KBDADLM.DLL                                                           |  8.0 kb
KBDAL.DLL                                                             |  8.0 kb
KBDARME.DLL                                                           |  7.0 kb
kbdarmph.dll                                                          |  8.0 kb
kbdarmty.dll                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDARMW.DLL                                                           |  7.0 kb
kbdax2.dll                                                            |  8.5 kb
KBDAZE.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDAZEL.DLL                                                           |  7.5 kb
KBDAZST.DLL                                                           |  7.5 kb
KBDBASH.DLL                                                           |  7.5 kb
KBDBE.DLL                                                             |  8.0 kb
KBDBENE.DLL                                                           |  8.0 kb
KBDBGPH.DLL                                                           |  7.5 kb
KBDBGPH1.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDBHC.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDBLR.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
KBDBR.DLL                                                             |  8.0 kb
KBDBU.DLL                                                             |  7.5 kb
KBDBUG.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
KBDBULG.DLL                                                           |  7.5 kb
KBDCA.DLL                                                             |  8.0 kb
KBDCAN.DLL                                                            |  9.5 kb
KBDCHER.DLL                                                           |  8.0 kb
KBDCHERP.DLL                                                          |  17.5 kb
KBDCR.DLL                                                             |  8.5 kb
KBDCZ.DLL                                                             |  8.5 kb
KBDCZ1.DLL                                                            |  9.0 kb
KBDCZ2.DLL                                                            |  8.5 kb
KBDDA.DLL                                                             |  7.5 kb
KBDDIV1.DLL                                                           |  7.5 kb
KBDDIV2.DLL                                                           |  7.5 kb
KBDDV.DLL                                                             |  7.5 kb
KBDDZO.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDES.DLL                                                             |  8.5 kb
KBDEST.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDFA.DLL                                                             |  7.0 kb
kbdfar.dll                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDFC.DLL                                                             |  8.5 kb
KBDFI.DLL                                                             |  7.5 kb
KBDFI1.DLL                                                            |  9.0 kb
KBDFO.DLL                                                             |  7.5 kb
KBDFR.DLL                                                             |  7.5 kb
KBDFTHRK.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDGAE.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
KBDGEO.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
kbdgeoer.dll                                                          |  8.0 kb
kbdgeome.dll                                                          |  7.5 kb
kbdgeooa.dll                                                          |  8.0 kb
kbdgeoqw.dll                                                          |  7.5 kb
KBDGKL.DLL                                                            |  8.5 kb
KBDGN.DLL                                                             |  8.0 kb
KBDGR.DLL                                                             |  7.5 kb
KBDGR1.DLL                                                            |  8.5 kb
KBDGRLND.DLL                                                          |  9.0 kb
KBDGTHC.DLL                                                           |  8.0 kb
KBDHAU.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
KBDHAW.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDHE.DLL                                                             |  7.5 kb
KBDHE220.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDHE319.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDHEB.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
kbdhebl3.dll                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDHELA2.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDHELA3.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDHEPT.DLL                                                           |  10.5 kb
KBDHU.DLL                                                             |  8.5 kb
KBDHU1.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
kbdibm02.dll                                                          |  8.5 kb
KBDIBO.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDIC.DLL                                                             |  7.5 kb
KBDINASA.DLL                                                          |  7.5 kb
KBDINBE1.DLL                                                          |  7.5 kb
KBDINBE2.DLL                                                          |  7.5 kb
KBDINBEN.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDINDEV.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDINEN.DLL                                                           |  9.0 kb
KBDINGUJ.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDINHIN.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDINKAN.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDINMAL.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDINMAR.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDINORI.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDINPUN.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDINTAM.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDINTEL.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDINUK2.DLL                                                          |  9.0 kb
KBDIR.DLL                                                             |  7.0 kb
KBDIT.DLL                                                             |  7.0 kb
KBDIT142.DLL                                                          |  7.5 kb
KBDIULAT.DLL                                                          |  8.5 kb
KBDJAV.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDJPN.DLL                                                            |  16.0 kb
KBDKAZ.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
KBDKHMR.DLL                                                           |  8.0 kb
KBDKNI.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDKOR.DLL                                                            |  15.5 kb
KBDKURD.DLL                                                           |  8.0 kb
KBDKYR.DLL                                                            |  7.0 kb
KBDLA.DLL                                                             |  8.0 kb
KBDLAO.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
kbdlisub.dll                                                          |  7.5 kb
kbdlisus.dll                                                          |  7.5 kb
kbdlk41a.dll                                                          |  8.5 kb
KBDLT.DLL                                                             |  7.0 kb
KBDLT1.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
KBDLT2.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
KBDLV.DLL                                                             |  7.5 kb
KBDLV1.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDLVST.DLL                                                           |  9.0 kb
KBDMAC.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
KBDMACST.DLL                                                          |  7.5 kb
KBDMAORI.DLL                                                          |  7.5 kb
KBDMLT47.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDMLT48.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDMON.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
KBDMONMO.DLL                                                          |  7.5 kb
KBDMONST.DLL                                                          |  7.5 kb
KBDMYAN.DLL                                                           |  8.0 kb
KBDNE.DLL                                                             |  7.5 kb
kbdnec.dll                                                            |  8.5 kb
kbdnec95.dll                                                          |  9.0 kb
kbdnecat.dll                                                          |  10.5 kb
kbdnecnt.dll                                                          |  9.0 kb
KBDNEPR.DLL                                                           |  8.0 kb
kbdnko.dll                                                            |  7.0 kb
KBDNO.DLL                                                             |  7.5 kb
KBDNO1.DLL                                                            |  9.0 kb
KBDNSO.DLL                                                            |  8.5 kb
KBDNTL.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDOGHAM.DLL                                                          |  7.5 kb
KBDOLCH.DLL                                                           |  7.5 kb
KBDOLDIT.DLL                                                          |  7.5 kb
KBDOSA.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDOSM.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
KBDPASH.DLL                                                           |  7.5 kb
kbdphags.dll                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDPL.DLL                                                             |  8.5 kb
KBDPL1.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDPO.DLL                                                             |  8.0 kb
KBDRO.DLL                                                             |  9.0 kb
KBDROPR.DLL                                                           |  9.5 kb
KBDROST.DLL                                                           |  9.5 kb
KBDRU.DLL                                                             |  7.5 kb
KBDRU1.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDRUM.DLL                                                            |  9.0 kb
KBDSF.DLL                                                             |  8.0 kb
KBDSG.DLL                                                             |  8.5 kb
KBDSL.DLL                                                             |  8.0 kb
KBDSL1.DLL                                                            |  9.0 kb
KBDSMSFI.DLL                                                          |  9.0 kb
KBDSMSNO.DLL                                                          |  9.0 kb
KBDSN1.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
KBDSORA.DLL                                                           |  7.5 kb
KBDSOREX.DLL                                                          |  8.5 kb
KBDSORS1.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDSORST.DLL                                                          |  8.5 kb
KBDSP.DLL                                                             |  8.0 kb
KBDSW.DLL                                                             |  8.0 kb
KBDSW09.DLL                                                           |  8.5 kb
KBDSYR1.DLL                                                           |  8.0 kb
KBDSYR2.DLL                                                           |  8.0 kb
KBDTAILE.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDTAJIK.DLL                                                          |  7.5 kb
KBDTAM99.DLL                                                          |  7.5 kb
KBDTAT.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDTH0.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
KBDTH1.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
KBDTH2.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
KBDTH3.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
KBDTIFI.DLL                                                           |  8.0 kb
KBDTIFI2.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDTIPRC.DLL                                                          |  8.5 kb
KBDTIPRD.DLL                                                          |  8.5 kb
KBDTT102.DLL                                                          |  8.0 kb
KBDTUF.DLL                                                            |  8.5 kb
KBDTUQ.DLL                                                            |  8.5 kb
KBDTURME.DLL                                                          |  7.5 kb
KBDTZM.DLL                                                            |  8.5 kb
KBDUGHR.DLL                                                           |  7.5 kb
KBDUGHR1.DLL                                                          |  7.5 kb
KBDUK.DLL                                                             |  7.5 kb
KBDUKX.DLL                                                            |  8.5 kb
KBDUR.DLL                                                             |  7.0 kb
KBDUR1.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDURDU.DLL                                                           |  7.0 kb
KBDUS.DLL                                                             |  9.5 kb
KBDUSA.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
KBDUSL.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
KBDUSR.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
KBDUSX.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDUZB.DLL                                                            |  7.5 kb
KBDVNTC.DLL                                                           |  7.5 kb
KBDWOL.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDYAK.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDYBA.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDYCC.DLL                                                            |  8.0 kb
KBDYCL.DLL                                                            |  9.0 kb
kd.dll                                                                |  15.3 kb
kdcom.dll                                                             |  29.0 kb
kdcpw.dll                                                             |  26.5 kb
kdhvcom.dll                                                           |  21.8 kb
kdnet.dll                                                             |  122.8 kb
kdnet_uart16550.dll                                                   |  17.3 kb
KdsCli.dll                                                            |  85.5 kb
kdstub.dll                                                            |  26.8 kb
kdusb.dll                                                             |  44.3 kb
kd_02_10df.dll                                                        |  30.8 kb
kd_02_10ec.dll                                                        |  370.3 kb
kd_02_1137.dll                                                        |  25.8 kb
kd_02_14e4.dll                                                        |  234.3 kb
kd_02_15b3.dll                                                        |  43.3 kb
kd_02_1969.dll                                                        |  43.3 kb
kd_02_19a2.dll                                                        |  30.8 kb
kd_02_1af4.dll                                                        |  19.8 kb
kd_02_8086.dll                                                        |  291.3 kb
kd_07_1415.dll                                                        |  18.5 kb
kd_0C_8086.dll                                                        |  47.8 kb
keepaliveprovider.dll                                                 |  70.5 kb
KerbClientShared.dll                                                  |  195.3 kb
kerberos.dll                                                          |  1079.0 kb
kernel.appcore.dll                                                    |  59.0 kb
kernel32.dll                                                          |  748.1 kb
KernelBase.dll                                                        |  2877.5 kb
KeyboardSystemToastIcon.contrast-white.png                            |  0.8 kb
KeyboardSystemToastIcon.png                                           |  0.5 kb
KeyCredMgr.dll                                                        |  70.0 kb
keyiso.dll                                                            |  92.0 kb
keymgr.dll                                                            |  58.5 kb
KeywordDetectorMsftSidAdapter.dll                                     |  122.5 kb
klist.exe                                                             |  81.0 kb
kmddsp.tsp                                                            |  48.0 kb
KnobsCore.dll                                                         |  232.0 kb
KnobsCsp.dll                                                          |  123.0 kb
korean.uce                                                            |  12.6 kb
ksetup.exe                                                            |  39.5 kb
ksproxy.ax                                                            |  297.0 kb
kstvtune.ax                                                           |  102.5 kb
ksuser.dll                                                            |  22.7 kb
Kswdmcap.ax                                                           |  138.0 kb
ksxbar.ax                                                             |  66.0 kb
ktmutil.exe                                                           |  18.5 kb
ktmw32.dll                                                            |  24.5 kb
l2gpstore.dll                                                         |  70.5 kb
l2nacp.dll                                                            |  62.0 kb
L2SecHC.dll                                                           |  198.5 kb
l3codeca.acm                                                          |  91.0 kb
l3codecp.acm                                                          |  180.0 kb
L3CODECX.AX                                                           |  96.0 kb
label.exe                                                             |  17.5 kb
Lagarith.dll                                                          |  211.0 kb
lame.ax                                                               |  240.0 kb
LangCleanupSysprepAction.dll                                          |  16.5 kb
LanguageComponentsInstaller.dll                                       |  177.0 kb
LanguageComponentsInstallerComHandler.exe                             |  51.5 kb
LanguageOverlayServer.dll                                             |  295.0 kb
LanguageOverlayUtil.dll                                               |  168.0 kb
LanguagePackDiskCleanup.dll                                           |  78.5 kb
LAPRXY.DLL                                                            |  13.0 kb
LaptopPlugInToastImg.gif                                              |  186.3 kb
LargeRoom.bin                                                         |  145.6 kb
LaunchTM.exe                                                          |  11.5 kb
LaunchWinApp.exe                                                      |  44.0 kb
lcphrase.tbl                                                          |  207.0 kb
lcptr.tbl                                                             |  23.5 kb
LegacyNetUX.dll                                                       |  68.0 kb
LegacyNetUXHost.exe                                                   |  238.0 kb
LegacySystemSettings.dll                                              |  68.0 kb
lfsvc.dll                                                             |  47.5 kb
libcrypto.dll                                                         |  1647.5 kb
libmfxhw64.dll                                                        |  20957.9 kb
license.rtf                                                           |  135.1 kb
LicenseManager.dll                                                    |  1044.8 kb
LicenseManagerApi.dll                                                 |  95.0 kb
LicenseManagerShellext.exe                                            |  47.0 kb
LicenseManagerSvc.dll                                                 |  50.0 kb
LicensingCSP.dll                                                      |  146.0 kb
licensingdiag.exe                                                     |  386.5 kb
LicensingDiagSpp.dll                                                  |  318.0 kb
LicensingUI.exe                                                       |  142.2 kb
LicensingWinRT.dll                                                    |  739.3 kb
licmgr10.dll                                                          |  32.5 kb
linkinfo.dll                                                          |  31.0 kb
ListSvc.dll                                                           |  279.5 kb
lltdapi.dll                                                           |  48.0 kb
lltdres.dll                                                           |  2.5 kb
lltdsvc.dll                                                           |  278.0 kb
lmhsvc.dll                                                            |  25.5 kb
loadperf.dll                                                          |  125.5 kb
locale.nls                                                            |  800.3 kb
localsec.dll                                                          |  502.5 kb
localspl.dll                                                          |  1245.0 kb
localui.dll                                                           |  19.5 kb
LocationApi.dll                                                       |  399.5 kb
LocationFramework.dll                                                 |  1980.5 kb
LocationFrameworkInternalPS.dll                                       |  81.5 kb
LocationFrameworkPS.dll                                               |  40.4 kb
LocationNotificationWindows.exe                                       |  69.5 kb
LocationWinPalMisc.dll                                                |  116.5 kb
Locator.exe                                                           |  11.0 kb
LockAppBroker.dll                                                     |  445.0 kb
LockAppHost.exe                                                       |  92.3 kb
LockController.dll                                                    |  668.5 kb
LockHostingFramework.dll                                              |  446.5 kb
LockScreenContent.dll                                                 |  169.5 kb
LockScreenContentHost.dll                                             |  45.5 kb
LockScreenContentServer.exe                                           |  47.4 kb
LockScreenData.dll                                                    |  378.5 kb
lodctr.exe                                                            |  51.0 kb
logagent.exe                                                          |  110.0 kb
loghours.dll                                                          |  82.0 kb
logman.exe                                                            |  117.5 kb
logoncli.dll                                                          |  265.3 kb
LogonController.dll                                                   |  853.5 kb
LogonUI.exe                                                           |  13.5 kb
lpasvc.dll                                                            |  1224.5 kb
lpk.dll                                                               |  3.0 kb
lpkinstall.exe                                                        |  41.0 kb
lpksetup.exe                                                          |  728.0 kb
lpksetupproxyserv.dll                                                 |  10.0 kb
lpremove.exe                                                          |  71.0 kb
LsaIso.exe                                                            |  297.6 kb
lsasrv.dll                                                            |  1620.0 kb
lsass.exe                                                             |  58.1 kb
lsm.dll                                                               |  828.0 kb
lsmproxy.dll                                                          |  46.0 kb
luainstall.dll                                                        |  68.3 kb
luiapi.dll                                                            |  35.0 kb
lusrmgr.msc                                                           |  141.6 kb
lz32.dll                                                              |  3.0 kb
l_intl.nls                                                            |  9.7 kb
Magnification.dll                                                     |  51.5 kb
Magnify.exe                                                           |  635.5 kb
main.cpl                                                              |  74.0 kb
MaintenanceUI.dll                                                     |  114.5 kb
makecab.exe                                                           |  84.5 kb
manage-bde.exe                                                        |  222.0 kb
ManageCI.dll                                                          |  210.0 kb
MapConfiguration.dll                                                  |  529.5 kb
MapControlCore.dll                                                    |  224.5 kb
MapControlStringsRes.dll                                              |  2.5 kb
MapGeocoder.dll                                                       |  2571.0 kb
mapi32.dll                                                            |  156.0 kb
mapistub.dll                                                          |  156.0 kb
MapRouter.dll                                                         |  3107.5 kb
MapsBtSvc.dll                                                         |  127.0 kb
MapsBtSvcProxy.dll                                                    |  15.0 kb
MapsCSP.dll                                                           |  96.5 kb
MapsStore.dll                                                         |  1106.0 kb
mapstoasttask.dll                                                     |  52.5 kb
mapsupdatetask.dll                                                    |  44.5 kb
MbaeApi.dll                                                           |  895.0 kb
MbaeApiPublic.dll                                                     |  1173.0 kb
MbaeParserTask.exe                                                    |  116.5 kb
MbaeXmlParser.dll                                                     |  50.5 kb
mblctr.exe                                                            |  790.0 kb
MBMediaManager.dll                                                    |  729.5 kb
MBR2GPT.EXE                                                           |  1137.0 kb
mbsmsapi.dll                                                          |  670.5 kb
mbussdapi.dll                                                         |  87.5 kb
mcbuilder.exe                                                         |  92.0 kb
MCCSEngineShared.dll                                                  |  173.5 kb
MCCSPal.dll                                                           |  31.0 kb
mcdvd_32.dll                                                          |  255.5 kb
mciavi32.dll                                                          |  101.5 kb
mcicda.dll                                                            |  49.0 kb
mciqtz32.dll                                                          |  43.0 kb
mciseq.dll                                                            |  30.5 kb
mciwave.dll                                                           |  31.0 kb
MCRecvSrc.dll                                                         |  1068.5 kb
MCU.exe                                                               |  830.2 kb
mcupdate_AuthenticAMD.dll                                             |  107.5 kb
mcupdate_GenuineIntel.dll                                             |  2568.0 kb
MDEServer.exe                                                         |  444.0 kb
MDMAgent.exe                                                          |  152.0 kb
MDMAppInstaller.exe                                                   |  169.0 kb
MdmCommon.dll                                                         |  178.0 kb
MdmDiagnostics.dll                                                    |  2092.0 kb
MdmDiagnosticsTool.exe                                                |  51.5 kb
mdminst.dll                                                           |  77.5 kb
mdmlocalmanagement.dll                                                |  62.0 kb
mdmmigrator.dll                                                       |  166.0 kb
mdmpostprocessevaluator.dll                                           |  50.0 kb
mdmregistration.dll                                                   |  323.0 kb
MdRes.exe                                                             |  85.0 kb
MdSched.exe                                                           |  90.5 kb
MediaFoundation.DefaultPerceptionProvider.dll                         |  131.5 kb
MediaSystemToastIcon.contrast-white.png                               |  1.3 kb
MediaSystemToastIcon.png                                              |  0.8 kb
MediumRoom.bin                                                        |  107.5 kb
MemoryDiagnostic.dll                                                  |  33.0 kb
MessagingDataModel2.dll                                               |  1052.5 kb
MessagingService.dll                                                  |  89.5 kb
mf.dll                                                                |  519.6 kb
mf3216.dll                                                            |  63.0 kb
mfAACEnc.dll                                                          |  138.8 kb
mfasfsrcsnk.dll                                                       |  1911.7 kb
mfaudiocnv.dll                                                        |  152.0 kb
mfc100.dll                                                            |  5443.8 kb
mfc100chs.dll                                                         |  35.3 kb
mfc100cht.dll                                                         |  35.3 kb
mfc100deu.dll                                                         |  62.8 kb
mfc100enu.dll                                                         |  53.8 kb
mfc100esn.dll                                                         |  62.3 kb
mfc100fra.dll                                                         |  62.8 kb
mfc100ita.dll                                                         |  60.8 kb
mfc100jpn.dll                                                         |  42.8 kb
mfc100kor.dll                                                         |  42.3 kb
mfc100rus.dll                                                         |  59.3 kb
mfc100u.dll                                                           |  5470.3 kb
mfc110.dll                                                            |  5461.6 kb
mfc110chs.dll                                                         |  45.1 kb
mfc110cht.dll                                                         |  45.1 kb
mfc110deu.dll                                                         |  73.1 kb
mfc110enu.dll                                                         |  63.6 kb
mfc110esn.dll                                                         |  72.1 kb
mfc110fra.dll                                                         |  73.1 kb
mfc110ita.dll                                                         |  71.1 kb
mfc110jpn.dll                                                         |  52.6 kb
mfc110kor.dll                                                         |  52.1 kb
mfc110rus.dll                                                         |  69.1 kb
mfc110u.dll                                                           |  5488.1 kb
mfc120.dll                                                            |  5476.6 kb
mfc120chs.dll                                                         |  45.2 kb
mfc120cht.dll                                                         |  45.2 kb
mfc120deu.dll                                                         |  73.2 kb
mfc120enu.dll                                                         |  63.7 kb
mfc120esn.dll                                                         |  72.2 kb
mfc120fra.dll                                                         |  73.2 kb
mfc120ita.dll                                                         |  71.2 kb
mfc120jpn.dll                                                         |  52.7 kb
mfc120kor.dll                                                         |  52.2 kb
mfc120rus.dll                                                         |  69.2 kb
mfc120u.dll                                                           |  5502.7 kb
mfc140.dll                                                            |  5487.9 kb
mfc140chs.dll                                                         |  38.9 kb
mfc140cht.dll                                                         |  38.9 kb
mfc140deu.dll                                                         |  66.9 kb
mfc140enu.dll                                                         |  57.4 kb
mfc140esn.dll                                                         |  65.9 kb
mfc140fra.dll                                                         |  66.9 kb
mfc140ita.dll                                                         |  64.9 kb
mfc140jpn.dll                                                         |  46.9 kb
mfc140kor.dll                                                         |  45.9 kb
mfc140rus.dll                                                         |  62.9 kb
mfc140u.dll                                                           |  5519.9 kb
mfc42.dll                                                             |  1422.5 kb
mfc42u.dll                                                            |  1434.5 kb
MFCaptureEngine.dll                                                   |  660.7 kb
mfcm100.dll                                                           |  90.8 kb
mfcm100u.dll                                                          |  90.8 kb
mfcm110.dll                                                           |  88.1 kb
mfcm110u.dll                                                          |  88.1 kb
mfcm120.dll                                                           |  89.7 kb
mfcm120u.dll                                                          |  89.7 kb
mfcm140.dll                                                           |  82.9 kb
mfcm140u.dll                                                          |  82.9 kb
mfcore.dll                                                            |  4687.4 kb
mfcsubs.dll                                                           |  36.0 kb
mfds.dll                                                              |  940.7 kb
mfdvdec.dll                                                           |  145.5 kb
mferror.dll                                                           |  69.0 kb
mfh263enc.dll                                                         |  52.0 kb
mfh264enc.dll                                                         |  605.5 kb
mfksproxy.dll                                                         |  286.0 kb
MFMediaEngine.dll                                                     |  4205.0 kb
mfmjpegdec.dll                                                        |  98.5 kb
mfmkvsrcsnk.dll                                                       |  1221.5 kb
mfmp4srcsnk.dll                                                       |  2066.0 kb
mfmpeg2srcsnk.dll                                                     |  1321.6 kb
mfnetcore.dll                                                         |  1196.9 kb
mfnetsrc.dll                                                          |  1777.0 kb
mfperfhelper.dll                                                      |  1204.7 kb
mfplat.dll                                                            |  1771.5 kb
MFPlay.dll                                                            |  556.3 kb
mfpmp.exe                                                             |  46.4 kb
mfps.dll                                                              |  261.8 kb
mfreadwrite.dll                                                       |  1062.2 kb
mfsensorgroup.dll                                                     |  404.0 kb
mfsrcsnk.dll                                                          |  2153.8 kb
mfsvr.dll                                                             |  1496.5 kb
mftranscode.dll                                                       |  344.5 kb
mfvdsp.dll                                                            |  96.3 kb
mfvfw.dll                                                             |  45.0 kb
MFWMAAEC.DLL                                                          |  456.0 kb
mfxplugin64_hw.dll                                                    |  24489.0 kb
mfx_mft_encrypt_64.dll                                                |  2925.9 kb
mfx_mft_h264ve_64.dll                                                 |  3124.4 kb
mfx_mft_h265ve_64.dll                                                 |  3144.3 kb
mfx_mft_mjpgvd_64.dll                                                 |  2943.0 kb
mfx_mft_vp9ve_64.dll                                                  |  3137.6 kb
mgmtapi.dll                                                           |  24.0 kb
mgmtrefreshcredprov.dll                                               |  116.5 kb
mi.dll                                                                |  124.5 kb
mibincodec.dll                                                        |  89.0 kb
Microsoft-Windows-AppModelExecEvents.dll                              |  208.0 kb
microsoft-windows-battery-events.dll                                  |  20.8 kb
microsoft-windows-hal-events.dll                                      |  15.3 kb
Microsoft-Windows-Internal-Shell-NearShareExperience.dll              |  184.0 kb
microsoft-windows-kernel-pnp-events.dll                               |  53.5 kb
microsoft-windows-kernel-power-events.dll                             |  315.8 kb
microsoft-windows-kernel-processor-power-events.dll                   |  171.0 kb
Microsoft-Windows-MapControls.dll                                     |  111.0 kb
Microsoft-Windows-MosHost.dll                                         |  8.0 kb
microsoft-windows-pdc.dll                                             |  80.3 kb
microsoft-windows-power-cad-events.dll                                |  10.0 kb
microsoft-windows-processor-aggregator-events.dll                     |  4.0 kb
microsoft-windows-sleepstudy-events.dll                               |  17.0 kb
microsoft-windows-storage-tiering-events.dll                          |  6.0 kb
microsoft-windows-system-events.dll                                   |  484.9 kb
Microsoft-WindowsPhone-SEManagementProvider.dll                       |  2.5 kb
Microsoft.Bluetooth.Proxy.dll                                         |  291.0 kb
Microsoft.Bluetooth.Service.dll                                       |  3672.5 kb
Microsoft.Bluetooth.UserService.dll                                   |  489.0 kb
Microsoft.Graphics.Display.DisplayEnhancementService.dll              |  1164.5 kb
Microsoft.LocalUserImageProvider.dll                                  |  87.5 kb
Microsoft.Management.Infrastructure.Native.Unmanaged.dll              |  18.0 kb
MicrosoftAccountCloudAP.dll                                           |  274.0 kb
MicrosoftAccountExtension.dll                                         |  427.0 kb
MicrosoftAccountTokenProvider.dll                                     |  231.0 kb
MicrosoftAccountWAMExtension.dll                                      |  538.5 kb
MicrosoftEdgeBCHost.exe                                               |  95.0 kb
MicrosoftEdgeCP.exe                                                   |  95.0 kb
MicrosoftEdgeDevTools.exe                                             |  95.0 kb
MicrosoftEdgeSH.exe                                                   |  57.5 kb
midimap.dll                                                           |  26.0 kb
migisol.dll                                                           |  141.8 kb
miguiresource.dll                                                     |  179.5 kb
mimefilt.dll                                                          |  39.5 kb
mimofcodec.dll                                                        |  154.5 kb
MinstoreEvents.dll                                                    |  17.0 kb
MiracastInputMgr.dll                                                  |  36.5 kb
MiracastReceiver.dll                                                  |  1223.0 kb
MiracastReceiverExt.dll                                               |  72.0 kb
MirrorDrvCompat.dll                                                   |  38.0 kb
mispace.dll                                                           |  3090.3 kb
MitigationClient.dll                                                  |  476.5 kb
MitigationConfiguration.dll                                           |  84.5 kb
miutils.dll                                                           |  239.5 kb
MixedReality.Broker.dll                                               |  412.0 kb
MixedRealityCapture.Pipeline.dll                                      |  554.0 kb
MixedRealityRuntime.dll                                               |  131.6 kb
MixedRealityRuntime.json                                              |  0.1 kb
mj_64.vp                                                              |  13.0 kb
mlang.dat                                                             |  657.3 kb
mlang.dll                                                             |  244.0 kb
mmc.exe                                                               |  1907.5 kb
mmc.exe.config                                                        |  3.0 kb
mmcbase.dll                                                           |  182.0 kb
mmcndmgr.dll                                                          |  2358.5 kb
mmcshext.dll                                                          |  133.0 kb
MMDevAPI.dll                                                          |  517.0 kb
mmgaclient.dll                                                        |  1661.0 kb
mmgaproxystub.dll                                                     |  151.5 kb
mmgaserver.exe                                                        |  1258.5 kb
mmres.dll                                                             |  3.5 kb
mmsys.cpl                                                             |  531.5 kb
mobilenetworking.dll                                                  |  21.0 kb
mobsync.exe                                                           |  97.0 kb
mode.com                                                              |  32.5 kb
modemui.dll                                                           |  188.0 kb
modernexecserver.dll                                                  |  476.5 kb
more.com                                                              |  29.0 kb
moricons.dll                                                          |  2.5 kb
moshost.dll                                                           |  92.5 kb
MosHostClient.dll                                                     |  91.5 kb
moshostcore.dll                                                       |  228.8 kb
MosStorage.dll                                                        |  86.5 kb
mountvol.exe                                                          |  18.5 kb
MouseSystemToastIcon.contrast-white.png                               |  1.4 kb
MouseSystemToastIcon.png                                              |  1.1 kb
MoUsoCoreWorker.exe                                                   |  1641.0 kb
MP3DMOD.DLL                                                           |  102.6 kb
MP43DECD.DLL                                                          |  234.6 kb
MP4SDECD.DLL                                                          |  354.6 kb
Mpeg2Data.ax                                                          |  101.5 kb
mpeval.dll                                                            |  230.0 kb
mpg2splt.ax                                                           |  260.0 kb
mpg4c32.dll                                                           |  404.1 kb
MPG4DECD.DLL                                                          |  235.1 kb
mpnotify.exe                                                          |  19.5 kb
mpr.dll                                                               |  111.5 kb
mprapi.dll                                                            |  514.0 kb
mprddm.dll                                                            |  893.0 kb
mprdim.dll                                                            |  539.0 kb
mprext.dll                                                            |  13.5 kb
mprmsg.dll                                                            |  112.5 kb
MpSigStub.exe                                                         |  776.4 kb
MPSSVC.dll                                                            |  1146.0 kb
mpunits.dll                                                           |  483.5 kb
MRINFO.EXE                                                            |  17.0 kb
MrmCoreR.dll                                                          |  971.0 kb
MrmDeploy.dll                                                         |  319.5 kb
MrmIndexer.dll                                                        |  783.5 kb
MRT.exe                                                               |  142498.8 kb
mrt100.dll                                                            |  31.2 kb
mrt_map.dll                                                           |  32.7 kb
ms3dthumbnailprovider.dll                                             |  57.0 kb
msaatext.dll                                                          |  166.0 kb
MSAC3ENC.DLL                                                          |  237.5 kb
msacm32.dll                                                           |  109.5 kb
msacm32.drv                                                           |  29.5 kb
msadp32.acm                                                           |  33.8 kb
msafd.dll                                                             |  3.0 kb
MSAJApi.dll                                                           |  2901.0 kb
MSAlacDecoder.dll                                                     |  57.0 kb
MSAlacEncoder.dll                                                     |  75.0 kb
MSAMRNBDecoder.dll                                                    |  137.5 kb
MSAMRNBEncoder.dll                                                    |  212.0 kb
MSAMRNBSink.dll                                                       |  37.5 kb
MSAMRNBSource.dll                                                     |  99.0 kb
MSAProfileNotificationHandler.dll                                     |  53.5 kb
msasn1.dll                                                            |  62.6 kb
MSAudDecMFT.dll                                                       |  414.3 kb
msaudite.dll                                                          |  152.0 kb
msauserext.dll                                                        |  23.0 kb
mscandui.dll                                                          |  308.0 kb
mscat32.dll                                                           |  11.5 kb
MSchedExe.exe                                                         |  82.0 kb
msclmd.dll                                                            |  225.5 kb
mscms.dll                                                             |  692.0 kb
msconfig.exe                                                          |  193.0 kb
mscoree.dll                                                           |  374.5 kb
mscorier.dll                                                          |  19.5 kb
mscories.dll                                                          |  74.6 kb
msctf.dll                                                             |  1102.6 kb
msctfime.ime                                                          |  10.5 kb
MsCtfMonitor.dll                                                      |  94.0 kb
msctfp.dll                                                            |  213.0 kb
msctfui.dll                                                           |  124.0 kb
msctfuimanager.dll                                                    |  767.0 kb
msdadiag.dll                                                          |  156.5 kb
msdart.dll                                                            |  134.5 kb
msdatsrc.tlb                                                          |  5.0 kb
msdelta.dll                                                           |  519.3 kb
msdmo.dll                                                             |  33.8 kb
msdrm.dll                                                             |  557.0 kb
msdt.exe                                                              |  485.0 kb
msdtc.exe                                                             |  145.0 kb
msdtckrm.dll                                                          |  366.5 kb
msdtclog.dll                                                          |  127.0 kb
msdtcprx.dll                                                          |  860.5 kb
msdtcspoffln.dll                                                      |  15.5 kb
msdtctm.dll                                                           |  1580.5 kb
msdtcuiu.dll                                                          |  322.0 kb
msdtcVSp1res.dll                                                      |  22.0 kb
MSDvbNP.ax                                                            |  78.0 kb
msdxm.ocx                                                             |  7.0 kb
msdxm.tlb                                                             |  43.0 kb
msfeeds.dll                                                           |  773.0 kb
msfeedsbs.dll                                                         |  74.5 kb
msfeedssync.exe                                                       |  14.5 kb
MSFlacDecoder.dll                                                     |  453.0 kb
MSFlacEncoder.dll                                                     |  286.5 kb
msftedit.dll                                                          |  3327.5 kb
MsftOemDllIgneous.dll                                                 |  55.5 kb
msg711.acm                                                            |  25.2 kb
msgsm32.acm                                                           |  41.9 kb
MSHEIF.dll                                                            |  36.0 kb
mshta.exe                                                             |  14.5 kb
mshtml.dll                                                            |  22898.5 kb
mshtml.tlb                                                            |  2691.0 kb
MshtmlDac.dll                                                         |  82.0 kb
mshtmled.dll                                                          |  100.5 kb
mshtmler.dll                                                          |  48.0 kb
msi.dll                                                               |  3258.0 kb
MsiCofire.dll                                                         |  45.0 kb
msidcrl40.dll                                                         |  15.0 kb
msident.dll                                                           |  65.5 kb
msidle.dll                                                            |  11.5 kb
msidntld.dll                                                          |  5.0 kb
msieftp.dll                                                           |  273.5 kb
msiexec.exe                                                           |  68.0 kb
msihnd.dll                                                            |  403.0 kb
msiltcfg.dll                                                          |  22.0 kb
msimg32.dll                                                           |  8.0 kb
msimsg.dll                                                            |  25.5 kb
msimtf.dll                                                            |  50.5 kb
msinfo32.exe                                                          |  376.0 kb
msisip.dll                                                            |  69.0 kb
msIso.dll                                                             |  331.5 kb
msiwer.dll                                                            |  12.0 kb
mskeyprotcli.dll                                                      |  189.5 kb
mskeyprotect.dll                                                      |  65.0 kb
msls31.dll                                                            |  210.5 kb
mslvddsfilter5.ax                                                     |  81.2 kb
msmpeg2adec.dll                                                       |  1043.1 kb
MSMPEG2ENC.DLL                                                        |  922.0 kb
msmpeg2vdec.dll                                                       |  2461.0 kb
MSNP.ax                                                               |  254.0 kb
msobjs.dll                                                            |  62.0 kb
msoert2.dll                                                           |  116.0 kb
MSOpusDecoder.dll                                                     |  163.0 kb
mspaint.exe                                                           |  965.0 kb
mspatcha.dll                                                          |  54.8 kb
mspatchc.dll                                                          |  82.5 kb
MSPhotography.dll                                                     |  1630.5 kb
msports.dll                                                           |  59.0 kb
msprivs.dll                                                           |  2.5 kb
msra.exe                                                              |  579.0 kb
msrahc.dll                                                            |  134.0 kb
MsraLegacy.tlb                                                        |  7.5 kb
msrating.dll                                                          |  12.0 kb
MSRAWImage.dll                                                        |  36.0 kb
msrdc.dll                                                             |  181.5 kb
MsRdpWebAccess.dll                                                    |  62.0 kb
msrle32.dll                                                           |  18.0 kb
msscntrs.dll                                                          |  64.5 kb
mssign32.dll                                                          |  79.0 kb
mssip32.dll                                                           |  10.0 kb
mssitlb.dll                                                           |  128.0 kb
MsSpellCheckingFacility.dll                                           |  916.0 kb
MsSpellCheckingHost.exe                                               |  82.5 kb
mssph.dll                                                             |  209.5 kb
mssprxy.dll                                                           |  142.0 kb
mssrch.dll                                                            |  2907.0 kb
mssvp.dll                                                             |  373.0 kb
mstask.dll                                                            |  144.0 kb
msTextPrediction.dll                                                  |  475.5 kb
mstsc.exe                                                             |  1507.5 kb
mstscax.dll                                                           |  8059.0 kb
msutb.dll                                                             |  256.0 kb
msv1_0.dll                                                            |  525.8 kb
msvcirt.dll                                                           |  82.0 kb
msvcp100.dll                                                          |  593.8 kb
msvcp110.dll                                                          |  646.0 kb
msvcp110_win.dll                                                      |  547.2 kb
msvcp120.dll                                                          |  644.2 kb
msvcp120_clr0400.dll                                                  |  673.8 kb
msvcp140.dll                                                          |  552.4 kb
msvcp140_1.dll                                                        |  23.4 kb
msvcp140_2.dll                                                        |  181.4 kb
msvcp140_atomic_wait.dll                                              |  54.9 kb
msvcp140_clr0400.dll                                                  |  608.2 kb
msvcp140_codecvt_ids.dll                                              |  19.9 kb
msvcp60.dll                                                           |  597.5 kb
msvcp_win.dll                                                         |  619.9 kb
msvcr100.dll                                                          |  809.8 kb
msvcr100_clr0400.dll                                                  |  18.3 kb
msvcr110.dll                                                          |  829.5 kb
msvcr120.dll                                                          |  940.7 kb
msvcr120_clr0400.dll                                                  |  970.3 kb
msvcrt.dll                                                            |  622.4 kb
msvfw32.dll                                                           |  148.5 kb
msvidc32.dll                                                          |  39.0 kb
MSVidCtl.dll                                                          |  3371.5 kb
MSVideoDSP.dll                                                        |  706.6 kb
MSVP9DEC.dll                                                          |  42.4 kb
msvproc.dll                                                           |  1406.7 kb
MSVPXENC.dll                                                          |  42.4 kb
MSWB7.dll                                                             |  253.2 kb
MSWebp.dll                                                            |  34.5 kb
mswmdm.dll                                                            |  418.5 kb
mswsock.dll                                                           |  408.6 kb
msxml3.dll                                                            |  1656.0 kb
msxml3a.dll                                                           |  24.0 kb
msxml3r.dll                                                           |  2.5 kb
msxml6.dll                                                            |  2415.1 kb
msxml6r.dll                                                           |  2.5 kb
msyuv.dll                                                             |  27.0 kb
MtcModel.dll                                                          |  216.0 kb
MTF.dll                                                               |  275.3 kb
MTFAppServiceDS.dll                                                   |  101.5 kb
MtfDecoder.dll                                                        |  312.0 kb
MTFFuzzyDS.dll                                                        |  172.5 kb
MTFServer.dll                                                         |  275.5 kb
MTFSpellcheckDS.dll                                                   |  112.5 kb
mtstocom.exe                                                          |  134.0 kb
mtxclu.dll                                                            |  424.0 kb
mtxdm.dll                                                             |  31.0 kb
mtxex.dll                                                             |  9.5 kb
mtxoci.dll                                                            |  142.5 kb
muifontsetup.dll                                                      |  18.5 kb
MUILanguageCleanup.dll                                                |  16.0 kb
MuiUnattend.exe                                                       |  104.0 kb
MultiChannelWoV.dll                                                   |  1660.9 kb
MultichannelWoVCfg.dll                                                |  487.9 kb
MultiDigiMon.exe                                                      |  53.5 kb
musdialoghandlers.dll                                                 |  165.5 kb
MusNotification.exe                                                   |  676.5 kb
MusNotificationUx.exe                                                 |  616.0 kb
MusNotifyIcon.exe                                                     |  630.5 kb
MusUpdateHandlers.dll                                                 |  1136.0 kb
mycomput.dll                                                          |  128.5 kb
mydocs.dll                                                            |  49.5 kb
Mystify.scr                                                           |  151.0 kb
NAPCRYPT.DLL                                                          |  49.5 kb
NapiNSP.dll                                                           |  68.5 kb
Narrator.exe                                                          |  521.5 kb
NarratorControlTemplates.xml                                          |  30.1 kb
NaturalAuth.dll                                                       |  444.0 kb
NaturalAuthClient.dll                                                 |  22.0 kb
NaturalLanguage6.dll                                                  |  1043.0 kb
navshutdown.dll                                                       |  40.5 kb
nbtstat.exe                                                           |  21.5 kb
NcaApi.dll                                                            |  25.0 kb
NcaSvc.dll                                                            |  167.5 kb
ncbservice.dll                                                        |  373.5 kb
NcdAutoSetup.dll                                                      |  90.5 kb
NcdProp.dll                                                           |  25.5 kb
nci.dll                                                               |  45.5 kb
ncobjapi.dll                                                          |  73.5 kb
ncpa.cpl                                                              |  100.5 kb
ncrypt.dll                                                            |  149.8 kb
ncryptprov.dll                                                        |  346.5 kb
ncryptsslp.dll                                                        |  134.7 kb
ncsi.dll                                                              |  517.5 kb
ncuprov.dll                                                           |  30.0 kb
ndadmin.exe                                                           |  68.0 kb
nddeapi.dll                                                           |  12.0 kb
ndfapi.dll                                                            |  273.5 kb
ndfetw.dll                                                            |  44.5 kb
NdfEventView.xml                                                      |  0.6 kb
ndfhcdiscovery.dll                                                    |  116.5 kb
ndishc.dll                                                            |  98.0 kb
NDKPing.exe                                                           |  31.5 kb
ndproxystub.dll                                                       |  32.0 kb
nduprov.dll                                                           |  129.5 kb
negoexts.dll                                                          |  116.5 kb
net.exe                                                               |  58.5 kb
net1.exe                                                              |  179.5 kb
netapi32.dll                                                          |  91.9 kb
netbios.dll                                                           |  18.5 kb
netbtugc.exe                                                          |  26.5 kb
NetCellcoreCellManagerProviderResources.dll                           |  68.0 kb
netcenter.dll                                                         |  242.5 kb
netcfg.exe                                                            |  36.5 kb
NetCfgNotifyObjectHost.exe                                            |  74.0 kb
netcfgx.dll                                                           |  102.3 kb
netcorehc.dll                                                         |  464.5 kb
netdiagfx.dll                                                         |  318.0 kb
NetDriverInstall.dll                                                  |  111.0 kb
netevent.dll                                                          |  20.0 kb
NetEvtFwdr.exe                                                        |  34.5 kb
netfxperf.dll                                                         |  105.0 kb
neth.dll                                                              |  2.5 kb
NetHost.exe                                                           |  10.5 kb
netid.dll                                                             |  177.5 kb
netiohlp.dll                                                          |  191.5 kb
netiougc.exe                                                          |  31.0 kb
netjoin.dll                                                           |  168.0 kb
netlogon.dll                                                          |  855.0 kb
netman.dll                                                            |  282.0 kb
netmsg.dll                                                            |  2.5 kb
netplwiz.dll                                                          |  312.0 kb
Netplwiz.exe                                                          |  40.0 kb
netprofm.dll                                                          |  223.0 kb
netprofmsvc.dll                                                       |  857.5 kb
netprovfw.dll                                                         |  66.5 kb
netprovisionsp.dll                                                    |  70.0 kb
NetSetupApi.dll                                                       |  142.8 kb
NetSetupEngine.dll                                                    |  790.3 kb
NetSetupMig.log                                                       |  90.8 kb
NetSetupShim.dll                                                      |  459.0 kb
NetSetupSvc.dll                                                       |  321.5 kb
netsh.exe                                                             |  94.5 kb
netshell.dll                                                          |  555.5 kb
NETSTAT.EXE                                                           |  39.0 kb
nettrace.dll                                                          |  393.0 kb
NetTrace.PLA.Diagnostics.xml                                          |  21.1 kb
nettraceex.dll                                                        |  102.0 kb
netutils.dll                                                          |  40.8 kb
NetworkBindingEngineMigPlugin.dll                                     |  337.8 kb
NetworkCollectionAgent.dll                                            |  590.5 kb
NetworkDesktopSettings.dll                                            |  232.0 kb
networkexplorer.dll                                                   |  79.0 kb
networkhelper.dll                                                     |  125.0 kb
NetworkIcon.dll                                                       |  166.0 kb
networkitemfactory.dll                                                |  55.0 kb
NetworkMobileSettings.dll                                             |  3069.5 kb
NetworkProxyCsp.dll                                                   |  28.5 kb
NetworkQoSPolicyCSP.dll                                               |  107.0 kb
NetworkStatus.dll                                                     |  125.0 kb
NetworkUXBroker.dll                                                   |  417.5 kb
newdev.dll                                                            |  277.5 kb
newdev.exe                                                            |  70.5 kb
NFCProvisioningPlugin.dll                                             |  104.5 kb
NfcRadioMedia.dll                                                     |  54.0 kb
ngccredprov.dll                                                       |  648.5 kb
NgcCtnr.dll                                                           |  531.0 kb
NgcCtnrGidsHandler.dll                                                |  450.0 kb
NgcCtnrSvc.dll                                                        |  753.0 kb
NgcIso.exe                                                            |  460.5 kb
NgcIsoCtnr.dll                                                        |  654.5 kb
ngckeyenum.dll                                                        |  199.5 kb
ngcksp.dll                                                            |  104.5 kb
ngclocal.dll                                                          |  73.0 kb
ngcpopkeysrv.dll                                                      |  245.0 kb
NgcProCsp.dll                                                         |  166.5 kb
ngcrecovery.dll                                                       |  258.0 kb
ngcsvc.dll                                                            |  906.0 kb
ngctasks.dll                                                          |  250.5 kb
ninput.dll                                                            |  399.0 kb
nlaapi.dll                                                            |  95.0 kb
nlahc.dll                                                             |  94.0 kb
nlasvc.dll                                                            |  379.5 kb
nlhtml.dll                                                            |  190.5 kb
nlmgp.dll                                                             |  172.0 kb
nlmproxy.dll                                                          |  31.0 kb
nlmsprep.dll                                                          |  20.0 kb
nlsbres.dll                                                           |  88.5 kb
NlsData0000.dll                                                       |  1542.0 kb
NlsData0009.dll                                                       |  6212.5 kb
Nlsdl.dll                                                             |  10.5 kb
NlsLexicons0009.dll                                                   |  2567.5 kb
nltest.exe                                                            |  532.5 kb
NmaDirect.dll                                                         |  253.0 kb
NOISE.DAT                                                             |  0.7 kb
normaliz.dll                                                          |  6.0 kb
normidna.nls                                                          |  80.0 kb
normnfc.nls                                                           |  55.8 kb
normnfd.nls                                                           |  49.3 kb
normnfkc.nls                                                          |  77.5 kb
normnfkd.nls                                                          |  71.4 kb
notepad.exe                                                           |  196.5 kb
NotificationController.dll                                            |  1180.0 kb
NotificationControllerPS.dll                                          |  371.0 kb
notificationplatformcomponent.dll                                     |  45.0 kb
npmproxy.dll                                                          |  46.5 kb
NPSM.dll                                                              |  197.0 kb
NPSMDesktopProvider.dll                                               |  209.0 kb
nrpsrv.dll                                                            |  19.0 kb
nshhttp.dll                                                           |  51.0 kb
nshipsec.dll                                                          |  373.5 kb
nshwfp.dll                                                            |  774.5 kb
nsi.dll                                                               |  24.2 kb
nsisvc.dll                                                            |  33.5 kb
nslookup.exe                                                          |  87.5 kb
ntasn1.dll                                                            |  235.5 kb
ntdll.dll                                                             |  1979.9 kb
ntdsapi.dll                                                           |  150.5 kb
ntlanman.dll                                                          |  105.5 kb
ntlanui2.dll                                                          |  20.0 kb
NtlmShared.dll                                                        |  67.3 kb
ntmarta.dll                                                           |  187.2 kb
ntoskrnl.exe                                                          |  10595.4 kb
ntprint.dll                                                           |  370.0 kb
ntprint.exe                                                           |  62.5 kb
ntshrui.dll                                                           |  478.5 kb
ntvdm64.dll                                                           |  19.0 kb
nv3dappshext.dll                                                      |  619.5 kb
nv3dappshextr.dll                                                     |  80.9 kb
nvapi64.dll                                                           |  7434.9 kb
nvaudcap64v.dll                                                       |  212.9 kb
nvcoproc.bin                                                          |  8051.5 kb
nvcpl.dll                                                             |  5593.1 kb
nvcuda.dll                                                            |  2865.9 kb
nvcuvid.dll                                                           |  8409.6 kb
nvdebugdump.exe                                                       |  446.1 kb
NvFBC64.dll                                                           |  2071.7 kb
nvidia-smi.exe                                                        |  696.0 kb
NvIFR64.dll                                                           |  1496.0 kb
nvinfo.pb                                                             |  87.2 kb
nvmctray.dll                                                          |  440.2 kb
nvml.dll                                                              |  699.9 kb
nvofapi64.dll                                                         |  778.4 kb
NvRtmpStreamer64.dll                                                  |  1280.9 kb
nvshext.dll                                                           |  121.3 kb
nvspcap64.dll                                                         |  2437.4 kb
nvsvc64.dll                                                           |  2551.4 kb
nvsvcr.dll                                                            |  1726.2 kb
objsel.dll                                                            |  656.5 kb
occache.dll                                                           |  149.5 kb
ocsetapi.dll                                                          |  197.5 kb
odbc32.dll                                                            |  708.0 kb
odbcad32.exe                                                          |  72.5 kb
odbcbcp.dll                                                           |  47.0 kb
odbcconf.dll                                                          |  30.0 kb
odbcconf.exe                                                          |  26.5 kb
odbcconf.rsp                                                          |  0.3 kb
odbccp32.dll                                                          |  131.5 kb
odbccr32.dll                                                          |  88.0 kb
odbccu32.dll                                                          |  88.5 kb
odbcint.dll                                                           |  220.0 kb
odbctrac.dll                                                          |  165.0 kb
OEMDefaultAssociations.dll                                            |  23.0 kb
OEMDefaultAssociations.xml                                            |  20.4 kb
oemlicense.dll                                                        |  131.4 kb
ofdeploy.exe                                                          |  78.0 kb
offfilt.dll                                                           |  270.0 kb
officecsp.dll                                                         |  120.5 kb
offlinelsa.dll                                                        |  132.8 kb
offlinesam.dll                                                        |  266.4 kb
offreg.dll                                                            |  86.5 kb
oflc-nz.rs                                                            |  44.5 kb
OkDone_80.contrast-black.png                                          |  0.4 kb
OkDone_80.contrast-white.png                                          |  0.4 kb
OkDone_80.png                                                         |  0.4 kb
ole32.dll                                                             |  1185.8 kb
oleacc.dll                                                            |  394.5 kb
oleacchooks.dll                                                       |  13.0 kb
oleaccrc.dll                                                          |  4.5 kb
oleaut32.dll                                                          |  812.1 kb
oledlg.dll                                                            |  205.5 kb
oleprn.dll                                                            |  148.5 kb
OmaDmAgent.dll                                                        |  206.5 kb
omadmapi.dll                                                          |  210.9 kb
omadmclient.exe                                                       |  422.0 kb
omadmprc.exe                                                          |  87.5 kb
OnDemandBrokerClient.dll                                              |  44.5 kb
OnDemandConnRouteHelper.dll                                           |  72.0 kb
OneBackupHandler.dll                                                  |  357.5 kb
OneCoreCommonProxyStub.dll                                            |  482.0 kb
OneCoreUAPCommonProxyStub.dll                                         |  7834.8 kb
OneDriveSettingSyncProvider.dll                                       |  691.5 kb
OneSettingsClient.dll                                                 |  178.5 kb
onex.dll                                                              |  232.0 kb
onexui.dll                                                            |  110.5 kb
onnxruntime.dll                                                       |  2.8 kb
OpcServices.dll                                                       |  2138.5 kb
OpenCL.dll                                                            |  1433.4 kb
openfiles.exe                                                         |  74.0 kb
opengl32.dll                                                          |  1040.5 kb
OpenWith.exe                                                          |  121.1 kb
Optane.dll                                                            |  112.2 kb
OptaneEventLogMsg.dll                                                 |  23.7 kb
OptionalFeatures.exe                                                  |  110.0 kb
ortcengine.dll                                                        |  1008.3 kb
osbaseln.dll                                                          |  26.5 kb
osk.exe                                                               |  638.0 kb
OskSupport.dll                                                        |  10.0 kb
osuninst.dll                                                          |  9.5 kb
OutdoorAudioEnvironment.bin                                           |  45.8 kb
P2P.dll                                                               |  214.0 kb
P2PGraph.dll                                                          |  427.5 kb
p2pnetsh.dll                                                          |  202.5 kb
p2psvc.dll                                                            |  429.5 kb
pacjsworker.exe                                                       |  12.0 kb
PackagedCWALauncher.exe                                               |  40.0 kb
packager.dll                                                          |  94.0 kb
PackageStateChangeHandler.dll                                         |  64.5 kb
PackageStateRoaming.dll                                               |  235.5 kb
panmap.dll                                                            |  14.5 kb
PasswordEnrollmentManager.dll                                         |  263.0 kb
PasswordOnWakeSettingFlyout.exe                                       |  44.9 kb
PATHPING.EXE                                                          |  20.0 kb
pautoenr.dll                                                          |  65.5 kb
PayloadRestrictions.dll                                               |  950.5 kb
PaymentMediatorServiceProxy.dll                                       |  24.0 kb
pcacli.dll                                                            |  70.0 kb
pcadm.dll                                                             |  65.5 kb
pcaevts.dll                                                           |  12.5 kb
pcalua.exe                                                            |  52.5 kb
pcasvc.dll                                                            |  855.8 kb
pcaui.dll                                                             |  93.0 kb
pcaui.exe                                                             |  159.0 kb
pcbp.rs                                                               |  15.0 kb
pcl.sep                                                               |  0.1 kb
PCPKsp.dll                                                            |  1122.8 kb
PCShellCommonProxyStub.dll                                            |  56.0 kb
pcsvDevice.dll                                                        |  381.5 kb
pcwrun.exe                                                            |  16.0 kb
pcwum.dll                                                             |  22.1 kb
pcwutl.dll                                                            |  135.0 kb
pdh.dll                                                               |  277.0 kb
pdhui.dll                                                             |  61.5 kb
pegi-pt.rs                                                            |  20.5 kb
pegi.rs                                                               |  20.0 kb
PeopleAPIs.dll                                                        |  118.5 kb
PeopleBand.dll                                                        |  221.0 kb
PerceptionDevice.dll                                                  |  196.0 kb
PerceptionSimulation.ProxyStubs.dll                                   |  15.5 kb
PerceptionSimulationExtensions.dll                                    |  540.5 kb
PerceptionSimulationLeftHandModel.glb                                 |  1334.2 kb
PerceptionSimulationManager.dll                                       |  787.5 kb
PerceptionSimulationRightHandModel.glb                                |  1336.2 kb
perfc009.dat                                                          |  157.1 kb
perfctrs.dll                                                          |  46.5 kb
perfd009.dat                                                          |  32.6 kb
perfdisk.dll                                                          |  42.0 kb
perfh009.dat                                                          |  761.3 kb
perfi009.dat                                                          |  290.1 kb
perfmon.exe                                                           |  177.5 kb
perfmon.msc                                                           |  142.1 kb
perfnet.dll                                                           |  26.5 kb
perfos.dll                                                            |  41.5 kb
perfproc.dll                                                          |  45.0 kb
PerfStringBackup.INI                                                  |  914.8 kb
perftrack.dll                                                         |  81.5 kb
perfts.dll                                                            |  81.0 kb
PersonalizationCSP.dll                                                |  145.5 kb
phoneactivate.exe                                                     |  107.9 kb
PhoneCallHistoryApis.dll                                              |  243.5 kb
PhoneOm.dll                                                           |  455.0 kb
PhonePlatformAbstraction.dll                                          |  108.5 kb
PhoneProviders.dll                                                    |  869.0 kb
PhoneService.dll                                                      |  941.5 kb
PhoneServiceRes.dll                                                   |  2.5 kb
PhoneSystemToastIcon.contrast-white.png                               |  2.2 kb
PhoneSystemToastIcon.png                                              |  1.9 kb
Phoneutil.dll                                                         |  356.5 kb
PhoneutilRes.dll                                                      |  2.5 kb
PhotoMetadataHandler.dll                                              |  490.0 kb
PhotoScreensaver.scr                                                  |  567.5 kb
photowiz.dll                                                          |  342.0 kb
PickerHost.exe                                                        |  125.1 kb
PickerPlatform.dll                                                    |  380.0 kb
pid.dll                                                               |  45.5 kb
pidgenx.dll                                                           |  1063.4 kb
pifmgr.dll                                                            |  35.0 kb
PimIndexMaintenance.dll                                               |  191.5 kb
PimIndexMaintenanceClient.dll                                         |  62.0 kb
Pimstore.dll                                                          |  963.0 kb
PinEnrollmentBroker.exe                                               |  106.0 kb
PinEnrollmentHelper.dll                                               |  187.0 kb
PING.EXE                                                              |  22.0 kb
pkeyhelper.dll                                                        |  841.3 kb
PkgMgr.exe                                                            |  244.5 kb
PktMon.exe                                                            |  665.3 kb
PktMonApi.dll                                                         |  40.5 kb
pku2u.dll                                                             |  294.0 kb
pla.dll                                                               |  1458.5 kb
plasrv.exe                                                            |  10.5 kb
playlistfolder.dll                                                    |  78.0 kb
PlaySndSrv.dll                                                        |  88.0 kb
PlayToDevice.dll                                                      |  383.5 kb
PlayToManager.dll                                                     |  600.0 kb
playtomenu.dll                                                        |  160.5 kb
PlayToReceiver.dll                                                    |  294.5 kb
PlayToStatusProvider.dll                                              |  37.0 kb
ploptin.dll                                                           |  61.3 kb
pngfilt.dll                                                           |  66.0 kb
pnidui.dll                                                            |  2126.0 kb
pnpclean.dll                                                          |  138.0 kb
pnppolicy.dll                                                         |  62.0 kb
pnpts.dll                                                             |  15.5 kb
pnpui.dll                                                             |  48.5 kb
PnPUnattend.exe                                                       |  61.5 kb
pnputil.exe                                                           |  294.5 kb
PNPXAssoc.dll                                                         |  110.0 kb
PNPXAssocPrx.dll                                                      |  56.5 kb
pnrpauto.dll                                                          |  27.5 kb
Pnrphc.dll                                                            |  83.5 kb
pnrpnsp.dll                                                           |  87.0 kb
pnrpsvc.dll                                                           |  344.5 kb
policymanager.dll                                                     |  632.0 kb
policymanagerprecheck.dll                                             |  280.5 kb
polstore.dll                                                          |  346.0 kb
poqexec.exe                                                           |  486.0 kb
PortableDeviceApi.dll                                                 |  627.0 kb
PortableDeviceClassExtension.dll                                      |  125.0 kb
PortableDeviceConnectApi.dll                                          |  68.0 kb
PortableDeviceStatus.dll                                              |  73.0 kb
PortableDeviceSyncProvider.dll                                        |  159.0 kb
PortableDeviceTypes.dll                                               |  182.5 kb
PortableDeviceWiaCompat.dll                                           |  155.5 kb
posetup.dll                                                           |  33.5 kb
pospaymentsworker.exe                                                 |  43.0 kb
POSyncServices.dll                                                    |  66.5 kb
pots.dll                                                              |  39.0 kb
powercfg.cpl                                                          |  216.5 kb
powercfg.exe                                                          |  94.0 kb
powercpl.dll                                                          |  207.5 kb
powrprof.dll                                                          |  288.5 kb
prauthproviders.dll                                                   |  69.0 kb
PresentationCFFRasterizerNative_v0300.dll                             |  124.1 kb
PresentationHost.exe                                                  |  276.0 kb
PresentationHostProxy.dll                                             |  81.5 kb
PresentationNative_v0300.dll                                          |  1141.6 kb
prevhost.exe                                                          |  29.5 kb
prflbmsg.dll                                                          |  13.5 kb
print.exe                                                             |  17.0 kb
Print.Workflow.Source.dll                                             |  82.0 kb
printfilterpipelineprxy.dll                                           |  46.5 kb
printfilterpipelinesvc.exe                                            |  813.0 kb
PrintIsolationHost.exe                                                |  76.0 kb
PrintIsolationProxy.dll                                               |  59.5 kb
PrintPlatformConfig.dll                                               |  71.5 kb
PrintRenderAPIHost.DLL                                                |  718.0 kb
printui.dll                                                           |  708.5 kb
printui.exe                                                           |  62.5 kb
PrintWorkflowProxy.dll                                                |  25.5 kb
PrintWorkflowService.dll                                              |  178.0 kb
PrintWSDAHost.dll                                                     |  160.5 kb
prm0009.dll                                                           |  5604.5 kb
prncache.dll                                                          |  177.0 kb
prnfldr.dll                                                           |  233.5 kb
prnntfy.dll                                                           |  330.0 kb
prntvpt.dll                                                           |  178.0 kb
ProductEnumerator.dll                                                 |  37.0 kb
profapi.dll                                                           |  113.0 kb
profext.dll                                                           |  156.4 kb
profprov.dll                                                          |  119.5 kb
profsvc.dll                                                           |  477.0 kb
profsvcext.dll                                                        |  171.5 kb
propsys.dll                                                           |  980.6 kb
proquota.exe                                                          |  48.5 kb
provcore.dll                                                          |  668.5 kb
provdatastore.dll                                                     |  97.5 kb
provdiagnostics.dll                                                   |  21.5 kb
provengine.dll                                                        |  373.5 kb
provhandlers.dll                                                      |  272.5 kb
provisioningcommandscsp.dll                                           |  76.5 kb
provisioningcsp.dll                                                   |  231.5 kb
ProvisioningHandlers.dll                                              |  247.0 kb
provlaunch.exe                                                        |  61.5 kb
provmigrate.dll                                                       |  108.0 kb
provops.dll                                                           |  288.5 kb
provpackageapidll.dll                                                 |  136.0 kb
provplatformdesktop.dll                                               |  406.5 kb
ProvPluginEng.dll                                                     |  91.5 kb
provsvc.dll                                                           |  475.5 kb
ProvSysprep.dll                                                       |  79.0 kb
provthrd.dll                                                          |  312.0 kb
provtool.exe                                                          |  85.0 kb
ProximityCommon.dll                                                   |  167.0 kb
ProximityCommonPal.dll                                                |  17.0 kb
ProximityRtapiPal.dll                                                 |  26.0 kb
ProximityService.dll                                                  |  312.5 kb
ProximityServicePal.dll                                               |  58.0 kb
ProximityUxHost.exe                                                   |  263.8 kb
prproc.exe                                                            |  20.6 kb
prvdmofcomp.dll                                                       |  84.5 kb
psapi.dll                                                             |  18.7 kb
pscript.sep                                                           |  0.0 kb
PSHED.DLL                                                             |  74.8 kb
psisdecd.dll                                                          |  585.5 kb
psisrndr.ax                                                           |  97.5 kb
PSModuleDiscoveryProvider.dll                                         |  53.5 kb
psmodulediscoveryprovider.mof                                         |  4.1 kb
PsmServiceExtHost.dll                                                 |  745.5 kb
psmsrv.dll                                                            |  241.5 kb
psr.exe                                                               |  232.0 kb
pstask.dll                                                            |  16.0 kb
pstorec.dll                                                           |  16.0 kb
ptpprov.dll                                                           |  212.0 kb
puiapi.dll                                                            |  199.5 kb
puiobj.dll                                                            |  453.0 kb
PushToInstall.dll                                                     |  326.0 kb
pwlauncher.dll                                                        |  323.5 kb
pwlauncher.exe                                                        |  35.0 kb
pwrshplugin.dll                                                       |  96.0 kb
pwsso.dll                                                             |  31.5 kb
qasf.dll                                                              |  154.0 kb
qcap.dll                                                              |  195.0 kb
qdv.dll                                                               |  246.5 kb
qdvd.dll                                                              |  389.5 kb
qedit.dll                                                             |  652.0 kb
qedwipes.dll                                                          |  2.5 kb
qmgr.dll                                                              |  1446.5 kb
QualityUpdateAssistant.dll                                            |  472.3 kb
quartz.dll                                                            |  1648.0 kb
Query.dll                                                             |  108.0 kb
QuickActionsDataModel.dll                                             |  358.5 kb
quickassist.exe                                                       |  656.5 kb
QuietHours.dll                                                        |  484.5 kb
qwave.dll                                                             |  280.5 kb
RacEngn.dll                                                           |  35.0 kb
racpldlg.dll                                                          |  130.5 kb
radardt.dll                                                           |  99.5 kb
radarrs.dll                                                           |  71.0 kb
RADCUI.dll                                                            |  378.5 kb
rasadhlp.dll                                                          |  17.0 kb
rasapi32.dll                                                          |  992.5 kb
rasauto.dll                                                           |  109.0 kb
rasautou.exe                                                          |  18.0 kb
raschap.dll                                                           |  158.0 kb
raschapext.dll                                                        |  99.5 kb
rasctrnm.h                                                            |  1.8 kb
rasctrs.dll                                                           |  21.5 kb
rascustom.dll                                                         |  494.0 kb
rasdiag.dll                                                           |  85.0 kb
rasdial.exe                                                           |  20.5 kb
rasdlg.dll                                                            |  602.5 kb
raserver.exe                                                          |  132.0 kb
rasgcw.dll                                                            |  541.5 kb
rasman.dll                                                            |  184.5 kb
rasmans.dll                                                           |  1002.5 kb
rasmbmgr.dll                                                          |  60.5 kb
RasMediaManager.dll                                                   |  374.0 kb
RASMM.dll                                                             |  303.0 kb
rasmontr.dll                                                          |  352.5 kb
rasphone.exe                                                          |  36.0 kb
rasplap.dll                                                           |  231.5 kb
rasppp.dll                                                            |  321.5 kb
rastapi.dll                                                           |  248.0 kb
rastls.dll                                                            |  387.5 kb
rastlsext.dll                                                         |  228.0 kb
rdbui.dll                                                             |  656.0 kb
rdpbase.dll                                                           |  1453.8 kb
rdpcfgex.dll                                                          |  11.0 kb
rdpclip.exe                                                           |  446.0 kb
rdpcore.dll                                                           |  1257.5 kb
rdpcorets.dll                                                         |  1600.0 kb
rdpencom.dll                                                          |  423.5 kb
rdpendp.dll                                                           |  301.7 kb
rdpinput.exe                                                          |  180.5 kb
rdpnano.dll                                                           |  2315.5 kb
RdpRelayTransport.dll                                                 |  244.0 kb
RdpSa.exe                                                             |  56.0 kb
RdpSaProxy.exe                                                        |  40.0 kb
RdpSaPs.dll                                                           |  15.0 kb
RdpSaUacHelper.exe                                                    |  33.5 kb
rdpserverbase.dll                                                     |  1812.9 kb
rdpsharercom.dll                                                      |  1480.5 kb
rdpudd.dll                                                            |  95.9 kb
rdpviewerax.dll                                                       |  325.0 kb
rdrleakdiag.exe                                                       |  47.5 kb
RDSAppXHelper.dll                                                     |  94.5 kb
rdsdwmdr.dll                                                          |  223.5 kb
rdsxvmaudio.dll                                                       |  72.5 kb
rdvvmtransport.dll                                                    |  87.5 kb
RDXService.dll                                                        |  717.5 kb
RDXTaskFactory.dll                                                    |  408.0 kb
ReAgent.dll                                                           |  1112.8 kb
ReAgentc.exe                                                          |  43.5 kb
ReAgentTask.dll                                                       |  13.5 kb
recdisc.exe                                                           |  193.0 kb
recover.exe                                                           |  14.0 kb
recovery.dll                                                          |  128.5 kb
RecoveryDrive.exe                                                     |  911.0 kb
refsutil.exe                                                          |  1002.5 kb
reg.exe                                                               |  75.5 kb
regapi.dll                                                            |  214.0 kb
RegCtrl.dll                                                           |  51.0 kb
regedt32.exe                                                          |  11.5 kb
regidle.dll                                                           |  15.5 kb
regini.exe                                                            |  47.0 kb
Register-CimProvider.exe                                              |  29.5 kb
regsvc.dll                                                            |  163.0 kb
regsvr32.exe                                                          |  24.5 kb
reguwpapi.dll                                                         |  35.5 kb
ReInfo.dll                                                            |  177.5 kb
rekeywiz.exe                                                          |  120.0 kb
relog.exe                                                             |  52.5 kb
RelPost.exe                                                           |  183.0 kb
remoteaudioendpoint.dll                                               |  88.8 kb
remotepg.dll                                                          |  88.5 kb
RemotePosWorker.exe                                                   |  13.0 kb
remotesp.tsp                                                          |  105.5 kb
RemoteSystemToastIcon.contrast-white.png                              |  1.6 kb
RemoteSystemToastIcon.png                                             |  1.1 kb
RemoteWipeCSP.dll                                                     |  62.0 kb
RemovableMediaProvisioningPlugin.dll                                  |  67.0 kb
RemoveDeviceContextHandler.dll                                        |  72.5 kb
RemoveDeviceElevated.dll                                              |  14.5 kb
rendezvousSession.tlb                                                 |  6.5 kb
repair-bde.exe                                                        |  126.0 kb
replace.exe                                                           |  22.0 kb
ReportingCSP.dll                                                      |  120.5 kb
RESAMPLEDMO.DLL                                                       |  244.8 kb
ResBParser.dll                                                        |  110.5 kb
reseteng.dll                                                          |  1228.0 kb
ResetEngine.dll                                                       |  2373.9 kb
ResetEngine.exe                                                       |  20.9 kb
ResetEngOnline.dll                                                    |  188.0 kb
resmon.exe                                                            |  108.0 kb
ResourceMapper.dll                                                    |  516.0 kb
ResourcePolicyClient.dll                                              |  70.1 kb
ResourcePolicyServer.dll                                              |  145.3 kb
ResPriHMImageList                                                     |  9.3 kb
ResPriHMImageListLowCost                                              |  9.0 kb
ResPriImageList                                                       |  8.8 kb
ResPriImageListLowCost                                                |  8.5 kb
RestartManager.mof                                                    |  0.7 kb
RestartManagerUninstall.mof                                           |  0.2 kb
RestartNowPower_80.contrast-black.png                                 |  0.7 kb
RestartNowPower_80.contrast-white.png                                 |  0.8 kb
RestartNowPower_80.png                                                |  0.7 kb
RestartTonight_80.png                                                 |  1.1 kb
RestartTonight_80_contrast-black.png                                  |  1.1 kb
RestartTonight_80_contrast-white.png                                  |  1.0 kb
resutils.dll                                                          |  601.0 kb
rgb9rast.dll                                                          |  177.5 kb
Ribbons.scr                                                           |  150.0 kb
riched20.dll                                                          |  598.0 kb
riched32.dll                                                          |  10.0 kb
rilproxy.dll                                                          |  57.5 kb
RjvMDMConfig.dll                                                      |  139.0 kb
RltkAPOU64.dll                                                        |  5490.0 kb
RMActivate.exe                                                        |  566.0 kb
RMActivate_isv.exe                                                    |  593.5 kb
RMActivate_ssp.exe                                                    |  490.0 kb
RMActivate_ssp_isv.exe                                                |  490.0 kb
RMapi.dll                                                             |  149.0 kb
rmclient.dll                                                          |  159.4 kb
RmClient.exe                                                          |  18.0 kb
RMSRoamingSecurity.dll                                                |  102.5 kb
rmttpmvscmgrsvr.exe                                                   |  121.5 kb
rnr20.dll                                                             |  2.5 kb
RoamingSecurity.dll                                                   |  48.5 kb
Robocopy.exe                                                          |  168.0 kb
rometadata.dll                                                        |  228.9 kb
RotMgr.dll                                                            |  49.5 kb
ROUTE.EXE                                                             |  24.0 kb
RpcEpMap.dll                                                          |  82.5 kb
rpchttp.dll                                                           |  204.0 kb
RpcNs4.dll                                                            |  10.0 kb
rpcnsh.dll                                                            |  33.5 kb
RpcPing.exe                                                           |  31.0 kb
rpcrt4.dll                                                            |  1168.2 kb
RpcRtRemote.dll                                                       |  63.1 kb
rpcss.dll                                                             |  1295.0 kb
rrinstaller.exe                                                       |  47.0 kb
rsaenh.dll                                                            |  202.2 kb
rshx32.dll                                                            |  130.5 kb
RstMwEventLogMsg.dll                                                  |  26.7 kb
RstrtMgr.dll                                                          |  202.0 kb
rstrui.exe                                                            |  268.0 kb
RtCOM64.dll                                                           |  1099.9 kb
RtDataProc64.dll                                                      |  470.6 kb
rtffilt.dll                                                           |  47.5 kb
RtkApi64U.dll                                                         |  802.1 kb
RtkAudUService64.exe                                                  |  847.8 kb
RtkCfg64.dll                                                          |  210.0 kb
rtm.dll                                                               |  181.0 kb
rtmcodecs.dll                                                         |  1066.3 kb
RTMediaFrame.dll                                                      |  500.0 kb
rtmmvrortc.dll                                                        |  55.3 kb
rtmpal.dll                                                            |  1322.3 kb
rtmpltfm.dll                                                          |  4783.3 kb
rtutils.dll                                                           |  68.0 kb
RTWorkQ.dll                                                           |  180.6 kb
RuleBasedDS.dll                                                       |  97.5 kb
runas.exe                                                             |  20.0 kb
rundll32.exe                                                          |  70.0 kb
runexehelper.exe                                                      |  59.5 kb
RunLegacyCPLElevated.exe                                              |  72.0 kb
runonce.exe                                                           |  60.5 kb
RuntimeBroker.exe                                                     |  100.9 kb
samcli.dll                                                            |  81.0 kb
samlib.dll                                                            |  134.5 kb
samsrv.dll                                                            |  876.0 kb
sas.dll                                                               |  14.5 kb
sbe.dll                                                               |  941.5 kb
sbeio.dll                                                             |  193.5 kb
sberes.dll                                                            |  64.5 kb
sbservicetrigger.dll                                                  |  22.5 kb
sc.exe                                                                |  70.5 kb
scansetting.dll                                                       |  290.5 kb
scanstate.log                                                         |  20.0 kb
SCardBi.dll                                                           |  50.0 kb
SCardDlg.dll                                                          |  82.5 kb
SCardSvr.dll                                                          |  259.0 kb
ScavengeSpace.xml                                                     |  10.2 kb
scavengeui.dll                                                        |  65.5 kb
ScDeviceEnum.dll                                                      |  200.5 kb
scecli.dll                                                            |  337.5 kb
scesrv.dll                                                            |  566.5 kb
Scg726.acm                                                            |  12.9 kb
schannel.dll                                                          |  586.5 kb
schedcli.dll                                                          |  22.5 kb
schedsvc.dll                                                          |  795.5 kb
ScheduleTime_80.contrast-black.png                                    |  0.5 kb
ScheduleTime_80.contrast-white.png                                    |  0.5 kb
ScheduleTime_80.png                                                   |  0.5 kb
schtasks.exe                                                          |  229.5 kb
scksp.dll                                                             |  256.0 kb
scripto.dll                                                           |  87.5 kb
scrnsave.scr                                                          |  39.0 kb
scrobj.dll                                                            |  223.5 kb
scrrun.dll                                                            |  223.5 kb
sdbinst.exe                                                           |  24.0 kb
sdchange.exe                                                          |  50.5 kb
sdclt.exe                                                             |  1235.5 kb
sdcpl.dll                                                             |  775.5 kb
SDDS.dll                                                              |  420.5 kb
sdengin2.dll                                                          |  1214.5 kb
SDFHost.dll                                                           |  36.4 kb
sdhcinst.dll                                                          |  35.5 kb
sdiageng.dll                                                          |  213.5 kb
sdiagnhost.exe                                                        |  25.0 kb
sdiagprv.dll                                                          |  188.0 kb
sdiagschd.dll                                                         |  52.0 kb
sdohlp.dll                                                            |  530.5 kb
sdrsvc.dll                                                            |  150.5 kb
sdshext.dll                                                           |  126.5 kb
SEAPO64.dll                                                           |  1277.4 kb
SEAPODAT.HDAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0215.zip                        |  226.0 kb
SEAPODAT.HDAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0222.zip                        |  296.2 kb
SEAPODAT.HDAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0225.zip                        |  80.0 kb
SEAPODAT.HDAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0236.zip                        |  1273.5 kb
SEAPODAT.HDAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0256.zip                        |  74.2 kb
SEAPODAT.HDAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0274.zip                        |  86.8 kb
SEAPODAT.HDAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0282.zip                        |  185.3 kb
SEAPODAT.HDAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0285.zip                        |  409.8 kb
SEAPODAT.HDAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0287.zip                        |  37.8 kb
SEAPODAT.HDAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0295.zip                        |  441.5 kb
SEAPODAT.HDAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0671.zip                        |  222.9 kb
SEAPODAT.INTELAUDIO.CTLR_DEV_34C8&LINKTYPE_05&DEVTYPE_05&VEN_8086&DEV_AE35.zip|  37.8 kb
SEAPODAT.INTELAUDIO.CTLR_DEV_A0C8&LINKTYPE_05&DEVTYPE_05&VEN_8086&DEV_AE35.zip|  37.8 kb
SEAPODAT.INTELAUDIO.DSP_CTLR_DEV_A0C8&VEN_8086&DEV_0222.zip           |  37.7 kb
SEAPODAT.INTELAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0215.zip                     |  674.4 kb
SEAPODAT.INTELAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0225.zip                     |  43.3 kb
SEAPODAT.INTELAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0236.zip                     |  903.5 kb
SEAPODAT.INTELAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0256.zip                     |  224.5 kb
SEAPODAT.INTELAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0274.zip                     |  86.9 kb
SEAPODAT.INTELAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0285.zip                     |  1007.4 kb
SEAPODAT.INTELAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0287.zip                     |  37.8 kb
SEAPODAT.INTELAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0293.zip                     |  37.5 kb
SEAPODAT.INTELAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0295.zip                     |  478.9 kb
SEAPODAT.INTELAUDIO.FUNC_01&VEN_10EC&DEV_0298.zip                     |  43.2 kb
SEAPODAT.zip                                                          |  39.4 kb
Search.ProtocolHandler.MAPI2.dll                                      |  393.5 kb
SearchFilterHost.exe                                                  |  266.0 kb
SearchFolder.dll                                                      |  403.0 kb
SearchIndexer.exe                                                     |  914.5 kb
SearchProtocolHost.exe                                                |  409.0 kb
SebBackgroundManagerPolicy.dll                                        |  61.5 kb
SecConfig.efi                                                         |  1285.8 kb
SecEdit.exe                                                           |  41.0 kb
sechost.dll                                                           |  614.9 kb
secinit.exe                                                           |  10.5 kb
seclogon.dll                                                          |  32.0 kb
SECOMN64.dll                                                          |  1350.8 kb
SECOMN64.exe                                                          |  157.5 kb
secproc.dll                                                           |  393.0 kb
secproc_isv.dll                                                       |  390.5 kb
secproc_ssp.dll                                                       |  109.5 kb
secproc_ssp_isv.dll                                                   |  109.0 kb
secur32.dll                                                           |  28.0 kb
securekernel.exe                                                      |  900.8 kb
SecureTimeAggregator.dll                                              |  130.0 kb
security.dll                                                          |  5.5 kb
SecurityAndMaintenance.png                                            |  5.6 kb
SecurityAndMaintenance_Alert.png                                      |  2.6 kb
SecurityAndMaintenance_Error.png                                      |  6.7 kb
SecurityCenterBroker.dll                                              |  199.7 kb
SecurityCenterBrokerPS.dll                                            |  40.9 kb
SecurityHealthAgent.dll                                               |  432.8 kb
SecurityHealthHost.exe                                                |  96.8 kb
SecurityHealthProxyStub.dll                                           |  117.3 kb
SecurityHealthService.exe                                             |  964.9 kb
SecurityHealthSSO.dll                                                 |  939.0 kb
SecurityHealthSystray.exe                                             |  84.0 kb
sedplugins.dll                                                        |  587.3 kb
SEHDHF64.dll                                                          |  1361.7 kb
SEHDRA64.dll                                                          |  1149.5 kb
SEMgrPS.dll                                                           |  40.5 kb
SEMgrSvc.dll                                                          |  1195.0 kb
sendmail.dll                                                          |  144.5 kb
Sens.dll                                                              |  76.0 kb
SensApi.dll                                                           |  14.5 kb
SensorDataService.exe                                                 |  1235.5 kb
SensorPerformanceEvents.dll                                           |  27.0 kb
SensorsApi.dll                                                        |  407.5 kb
SensorsClassExtension.dll                                             |  139.5 kb
SensorsCpl.dll                                                        |  2.5 kb
SensorService.dll                                                     |  455.5 kb
SensorsNativeApi.dll                                                  |  69.3 kb
SensorsNativeApi.V2.dll                                               |  214.6 kb
SensorsUtilsV2.dll                                                    |  157.9 kb
sensrsvc.dll                                                          |  177.5 kb
serialui.dll                                                          |  19.5 kb
services.exe                                                          |  698.1 kb
services.msc                                                          |  90.6 kb
ServicingUAPI.dll                                                     |  206.8 kb
serwvdrv.dll                                                          |  25.0 kb
SessEnv.dll                                                           |  503.0 kb
sessionmsg.exe                                                        |  85.3 kb
setbcdlocale.dll                                                      |  90.0 kb
sethc.exe                                                             |  104.5 kb
SetNetworkLocation.dll                                                |  29.5 kb
SetNetworkLocationFlyout.dll                                          |  38.0 kb
SetProxyCredential.dll                                                |  36.0 kb
setspn.exe                                                            |  30.0 kb
SettingMonitor.dll                                                    |  161.0 kb
settings.dat                                                          |  8.0 kb
SettingsEnvironment.Desktop.dll                                       |  535.5 kb
SettingsExtensibilityHandlers.dll                                     |  146.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_Accessibility.dll                                    |  266.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_AnalogShell.dll                                      |  234.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_AppControl.dll                                       |  101.0 kb
SettingsHandlers_AppExecutionAlias.dll                                |  155.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_Authentication.dll                                   |  324.0 kb
SettingsHandlers_BackgroundApps.dll                                   |  151.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_BatteryUsage.dll                                     |  244.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_BrowserDeclutter.dll                                 |  148.0 kb
SettingsHandlers_CapabilityAccess.dll                                 |  295.0 kb
SettingsHandlers_Clipboard.dll                                        |  166.0 kb
SettingsHandlers_ClosedCaptioning.dll                                 |  140.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_ContentDeliveryManager.dll                           |  173.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_Cortana.dll                                          |  320.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_Devices.dll                                          |  568.0 kb
SettingsHandlers_Display.dll                                          |  436.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_Flights.dll                                          |  479.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_Fonts.dll                                            |  363.0 kb
SettingsHandlers_ForceSync.dll                                        |  132.0 kb
SettingsHandlers_Gaming.dll                                           |  274.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_Geolocation.dll                                      |  94.0 kb
SettingsHandlers_Gpu.dll                                              |  242.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_HoloLens_Environment.dll                             |  450.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_IME.dll                                              |  1208.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_InkingTypingPrivacy.dll                              |  190.0 kb
SettingsHandlers_InputPersonalization.dll                             |  332.0 kb
SettingsHandlers_Language.dll                                         |  736.0 kb
SettingsHandlers_ManagePhone.dll                                      |  240.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_Maps.dll                                             |  260.0 kb
SettingsHandlers_Mouse.dll                                            |  100.0 kb
SettingsHandlers_Notifications.dll                                    |  485.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_nt.dll                                               |  3853.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_OneCore_BatterySaver.dll                             |  186.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_OneCore_PowerAndSleep.dll                            |  108.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_OneDriveBackup.dll                                   |  97.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_OptionalFeatures.dll                                 |  396.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_PCDisplay.dll                                        |  544.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_Pen.dll                                              |  135.0 kb
SettingsHandlers_QuickActions.dll                                     |  113.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_Region.dll                                           |  229.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_SharedExperiences_Rome.dll                           |  138.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_SIUF.dll                                             |  233.8 kb
SettingsHandlers_SpeechPrivacy.dll                                    |  392.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_Startup.dll                                          |  149.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_StorageSense.dll                                     |  778.8 kb
SettingsHandlers_Troubleshoot.dll                                     |  191.2 kb
SettingsHandlers_User.dll                                             |  393.0 kb
SettingsHandlers_UserAccount.dll                                      |  391.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_UserExperience.dll                                   |  104.5 kb
SettingsHandlers_WorkAccess.dll                                       |  446.5 kb
SettingSync.dll                                                       |  699.5 kb
SettingSyncCore.dll                                                   |  1101.0 kb
SettingSyncHost.exe                                                   |  946.4 kb
setupapi.dll                                                          |  4567.8 kb
setupcl.dll                                                           |  149.3 kb
setupcl.exe                                                           |  10.0 kb
setupcln.dll                                                          |  204.5 kb
setupetw.dll                                                          |  20.3 kb
setupugc.exe                                                          |  134.0 kb
setx.exe                                                              |  57.0 kb
sfc.dll                                                               |  12.5 kb
sfc.exe                                                               |  49.0 kb
sfc_os.dll                                                            |  58.1 kb
SgrmBroker.exe                                                        |  321.8 kb
SgrmEnclave.dll                                                       |  409.6 kb
SgrmEnclave_secure.dll                                                |  405.6 kb
SgrmLpac.exe                                                          |  55.8 kb
shacct.dll                                                            |  142.0 kb
shacctprofile.dll                                                     |  70.5 kb
SharedPCCSP.dll                                                       |  155.0 kb
SharedRealitySvc.dll                                                  |  300.0 kb
ShareHost.dll                                                         |  1091.5 kb
sharemediacpl.dll                                                     |  231.5 kb
SHCore.dll                                                            |  684.5 kb
shdocvw.dll                                                           |  240.0 kb
shell32.dll                                                           |  7469.1 kb
ShellAppRuntime.exe                                                   |  846.4 kb
ShellCommonCommonProxyStub.dll                                        |  810.0 kb
shellstyle.dll                                                        |  1128.5 kb
shfolder.dll                                                          |  10.5 kb
shgina.dll                                                            |  28.5 kb
ShiftJIS.uce                                                          |  16.3 kb
shimeng.dll                                                           |  7.5 kb
shimgvw.dll                                                           |  33.5 kb
shlwapi.dll                                                           |  335.4 kb
shpafact.dll                                                          |  21.0 kb
shrpubw.exe                                                           |  59.5 kb
shsetup.dll                                                           |  137.5 kb
shsvcs.dll                                                            |  276.5 kb
shunimpl.dll                                                          |  23.5 kb
shutdown.exe                                                          |  27.5 kb
shutdownext.dll                                                       |  31.5 kb
shutdownux.dll                                                        |  312.0 kb
shwebsvc.dll                                                          |  453.0 kb
signdrv.dll                                                           |  54.0 kb
sigverif.exe                                                          |  77.5 kb
SIHClient.exe                                                         |  378.4 kb
sihost.exe                                                            |  109.0 kb
SimAuth.dll                                                           |  156.5 kb
SimCfg.dll                                                            |  103.0 kb
simpdata.tlb                                                          |  8.0 kb
skci.dll                                                              |  300.8 kb
slc.dll                                                               |  143.5 kb
slcext.dll                                                            |  22.0 kb
SlideToShutDown.exe                                                   |  19.9 kb
slmgr.vbs                                                             |  139.6 kb
slui.exe                                                              |  534.5 kb
slwga.dll                                                             |  81.5 kb
SmallRoom.bin                                                         |  68.2 kb
SmartCardBackgroundPolicy.dll                                         |  68.0 kb
SmartcardCredentialProvider.dll                                       |  801.0 kb
SmartCardSimulator.dll                                                |  674.5 kb
smartscreen.exe                                                       |  2323.0 kb
smartscreenps.dll                                                     |  305.5 kb
SMBHelperClass.dll                                                    |  114.0 kb
smbwmiv2.dll                                                          |  302.0 kb
SmiEngine.dll                                                         |  856.3 kb
smphost.dll                                                           |  35.3 kb
SmsRouterSvc.dll                                                      |  628.0 kb
smss.exe                                                              |  152.3 kb
SndVol.exe                                                            |  270.4 kb
SndVolSSO.dll                                                         |  302.0 kb
SnippingTool.exe                                                      |  3303.0 kb
snmpapi.dll                                                           |  33.0 kb
snmptrap.exe                                                          |  16.5 kb
Snooze_80.contrast-black.png                                          |  0.9 kb
Snooze_80.contrast-white.png                                          |  0.9 kb
Snooze_80.png                                                         |  0.9 kb
socialapis.dll                                                        |  142.5 kb
softkbd.dll                                                           |  168.5 kb
softpub.dll                                                           |  10.5 kb
sort.exe                                                              |  28.0 kb
SortServer2003Compat.dll                                              |  45.5 kb
SortWindows61.dll                                                     |  49.0 kb
SortWindows62.dll                                                     |  72.7 kb
SortWindows64.dll                                                     |  72.7 kb
SortWindows6Compat.dll                                                |  68.5 kb
SpaceAgent.exe                                                        |  161.5 kb
spacebridge.dll                                                       |  176.5 kb
SpaceControl.dll                                                      |  754.5 kb
spaceman.exe                                                          |  78.9 kb
SpatialAudioLicenseSrv.exe                                            |  148.5 kb
SpatializerApo.dll                                                    |  219.0 kb
SpatialStore.dll                                                      |  157.5 kb
spbcd.dll                                                             |  108.0 kb
SpeakersSystemToastIcon.contrast-white.png                            |  1.5 kb
SpeakersSystemToastIcon.png                                           |  0.9 kb
Spectrum.exe                                                          |  856.5 kb
SpectrumSyncClient.dll                                                |  40.0 kb
SpeechPal.dll                                                         |  1543.5 kb
spfileq.dll                                                           |  110.5 kb
spinf.dll                                                             |  93.5 kb
spmpm.dll                                                             |  11.0 kb
spnet.dll                                                             |  11.5 kb
SpoolerApplet.dalp                                                    |  60.9 kb
spoolss.dll                                                           |  96.5 kb
spoolsv.exe                                                           |  813.0 kb
spopk.dll                                                             |  100.0 kb
spp.dll                                                               |  281.0 kb
sppc.dll                                                              |  127.0 kb
sppcext.dll                                                           |  594.5 kb
sppcomapi.dll                                                         |  309.0 kb
sppcommdlg.dll                                                        |  312.0 kb
SppExtComObj.Exe                                                      |  559.5 kb
sppinst.dll                                                           |  43.3 kb
sppnp.dll                                                             |  269.5 kb
sppobjs.dll                                                           |  1711.4 kb
sppsvc.exe                                                            |  4521.8 kb
sppwinob.dll                                                          |  354.6 kb
sppwmi.dll                                                            |  147.0 kb
spwinsat.dll                                                          |  15.0 kb
spwizeng.dll                                                          |  517.3 kb
spwizimg.dll                                                          |  5728.0 kb
spwizres.dll                                                          |  16.3 kb
spwmp.dll                                                             |  11.0 kb
sqlite3odbc.dll                                                       |  838.5 kb
sqlite3_mod_blobtoxy.dll                                              |  77.0 kb
sqlite3_mod_csvtable.dll                                              |  61.0 kb
sqlite3_mod_extfunc.dll                                               |  58.5 kb
sqlite3_mod_fts3.dll                                                  |  147.0 kb
sqlite3_mod_impexp.dll                                                |  56.0 kb
sqlite3_mod_rtree.dll                                                 |  61.0 kb
sqlite3_mod_zipfile.dll                                               |  99.0 kb
SqlServerSpatial120.dll                                               |  752.2 kb
sqlsrv32.dll                                                          |  738.0 kb
sqlsrv32.rll                                                          |  92.0 kb
sqmapi.dll                                                            |  47.4 kb
srchadmin.dll                                                         |  213.0 kb
srclient.dll                                                          |  73.0 kb
srcore.dll                                                            |  483.5 kb
srdelayed.exe                                                         |  19.0 kb
SrEvents.dll                                                          |  5.0 kb
SRH.dll                                                               |  3762.5 kb
srhelper.dll                                                          |  94.5 kb
srms-apr-v.dat                                                        |  11.0 kb
srms-apr.dat                                                          |  19.0 kb
srms.dat                                                              |  58.2 kb
srpapi.dll                                                            |  153.0 kb
srrstr.dll                                                            |  246.5 kb
SrTasks.exe                                                           |  58.0 kb
srumapi.dll                                                           |  63.5 kb
srumsvc.dll                                                           |  237.5 kb
srvcli.dll                                                            |  116.1 kb
srvsvc.dll                                                            |  295.0 kb
srwmi.dll                                                             |  27.0 kb
sscore.dll                                                            |  47.0 kb
sscoreext.dll                                                         |  13.0 kb
ssdm.dll                                                              |  444.5 kb
ssdpapi.dll                                                           |  66.0 kb
ssdpsrv.dll                                                           |  270.0 kb
sspicli.dll                                                           |  184.1 kb
sspisrv.dll                                                           |  28.5 kb
SSShim.dll                                                            |  127.0 kb
ssText3d.scr                                                          |  219.5 kb
sstpsvc.dll                                                           |  207.0 kb
StartTileData.dll                                                     |  5625.1 kb
Startupscan.dll                                                       |  24.5 kb
StateRepository.Core.dll                                              |  709.6 kb
stclient.dll                                                          |  65.5 kb
stdole2.tlb                                                           |  18.0 kb
stdole32.tlb                                                          |  7.0 kb
sti.dll                                                               |  311.0 kb
sti_ci.dll                                                            |  206.0 kb
stobject.dll                                                          |  304.0 kb
StorageContextHandler.dll                                             |  101.5 kb
StorageUsage.dll                                                      |  158.0 kb
storagewmi.dll                                                        |  2689.0 kb
storagewmi_passthru.dll                                               |  26.0 kb
stordiag.exe                                                          |  109.0 kb
storewuauth.dll                                                       |  290.0 kb
Storprop.dll                                                          |  71.5 kb
StorSvc.dll                                                           |  1046.5 kb
streamci.dll                                                          |  26.8 kb
StringFeedbackEngine.dll                                              |  183.5 kb
StructuredQuery.dll                                                   |  660.3 kb
SubRange.uce                                                          |  91.5 kb
subst.exe                                                             |  17.0 kb
sud.dll                                                               |  186.0 kb
SvBannerBackground.png                                                |  1265.7 kb
svchost.exe                                                           |  58.5 kb
svf.dll                                                               |  227.5 kb
svsvc.dll                                                             |  14.0 kb
SwitcherDataModel.dll                                                 |  190.5 kb
swprv.dll                                                             |  488.5 kb
sxproxy.dll                                                           |  76.5 kb
sxs.dll                                                               |  645.1 kb
sxshared.dll                                                          |  45.0 kb
sxssrv.dll                                                            |  36.0 kb
sxsstore.dll                                                          |  29.5 kb
sxstrace.exe                                                          |  36.5 kb
SynaSstPpDll.dll                                                      |  161.0 kb
SynAudSrv.exe                                                         |  581.2 kb
SyncCenter.dll                                                        |  508.5 kb
SyncController.dll                                                    |  602.5 kb
SyncHost.exe                                                          |  46.0 kb
SyncHostps.dll                                                        |  14.0 kb
SyncInfrastructure.dll                                                |  416.0 kb
SyncInfrastructureps.dll                                              |  36.5 kb
SyncProxy.dll                                                         |  62.5 kb
Syncreg.dll                                                           |  79.5 kb
SyncRes.dll                                                           |  2.5 kb
SyncSettings.dll                                                      |  321.0 kb
syncutil.dll                                                          |  379.5 kb
sysclass.dll                                                          |  122.5 kb
sysdm.cpl                                                             |  145.0 kb
SysFxUI.dll                                                           |  370.0 kb
sysmain.dll                                                           |  982.0 kb
sysmon.ocx                                                            |  414.0 kb
sysntfy.dll                                                           |  25.0 kb
sysprint.sep                                                          |  3.2 kb
sysprtj.sep                                                           |  3.6 kb
SysResetErr.exe                                                       |  41.8 kb
syssetup.dll                                                          |  19.0 kb
systemcpl.dll                                                         |  135.5 kb
SystemEventsBrokerClient.dll                                          |  29.5 kb
SystemEventsBrokerServer.dll                                          |  246.0 kb
systeminfo.exe                                                        |  107.5 kb
SystemPropertiesAdvanced.exe                                          |  82.0 kb
SystemPropertiesComputerName.exe                                      |  82.0 kb
SystemPropertiesDataExecutionPrevention.exe                           |  82.0 kb
SystemPropertiesHardware.exe                                          |  82.0 kb
SystemPropertiesPerformance.exe                                       |  82.5 kb
SystemPropertiesProtection.exe                                        |  82.0 kb
SystemPropertiesRemote.exe                                            |  82.0 kb
systemreset.exe                                                       |  508.9 kb
SystemSettings.DataModel.dll                                          |  410.8 kb
SystemSettings.DeviceEncryptionHandlers.dll                           |  179.0 kb
SystemSettings.Handlers.dll                                           |  1400.5 kb
SystemSettings.SettingsExtensibility.dll                              |  160.8 kb
SystemSettings.UserAccountsHandlers.dll                               |  504.0 kb
SystemSettingsAdminFlows.exe                                          |  506.9 kb
SystemSettingsBroker.exe                                              |  200.2 kb
SystemSettingsRemoveDevice.exe                                        |  39.9 kb
SystemSettingsThresholdAdminFlowUI.dll                                |  3915.5 kb
SystemSupportInfo.dll                                                 |  55.5 kb
SystemUWPLauncher.exe                                                 |  83.5 kb
systray.exe                                                           |  11.5 kb
t2embed.dll                                                           |  177.5 kb
Tabbtn.dll                                                            |  164.0 kb
TabbtnEx.dll                                                          |  76.0 kb
tabcal.exe                                                            |  84.0 kb
TabletPC.cpl                                                          |  695.5 kb
TabSvc.dll                                                            |  229.5 kb
takeown.exe                                                           |  65.0 kb
tapi3.dll                                                             |  974.5 kb
tapi32.dll                                                            |  241.5 kb
tapilua.dll                                                           |  33.5 kb
TapiMigPlugin.dll                                                     |  64.5 kb
tapiperf.dll                                                          |  12.0 kb
tapisrv.dll                                                           |  309.5 kb
TapiSysprep.dll                                                       |  13.0 kb
tapiui.dll                                                            |  2.5 kb
TapiUnattend.exe                                                      |  15.0 kb
tar.exe                                                               |  53.5 kb
TaskApis.dll                                                          |  405.0 kb
taskbarcpl.dll                                                        |  1069.0 kb
taskcomp.dll                                                          |  411.0 kb
TaskFlowDataEngine.dll                                                |  1507.0 kb
taskhostw.exe                                                         |  94.8 kb
taskkill.exe                                                          |  99.0 kb
tasklist.exe                                                          |  104.0 kb
Taskmgr.exe                                                           |  1184.8 kb
taskschd.dll                                                          |  691.0 kb
taskschd.msc                                                          |  141.7 kb
TaskSchdPS.dll                                                        |  58.0 kb
tbauth.dll                                                            |  74.0 kb
tbs.dll                                                               |  93.4 kb
tcblaunch.exe                                                         |  790.4 kb
tcbloader.dll                                                         |  218.3 kb
tcmsetup.exe                                                          |  16.5 kb
tcpbidi.xml                                                           |  1.6 kb
tcpipcfg.dll                                                          |  237.0 kb
tcpmib.dll                                                            |  38.0 kb
tcpmon.dll                                                            |  242.5 kb
tcpmon.ini                                                            |  58.7 kb
tcpmonui.dll                                                          |  73.0 kb
TCPSVCS.EXE                                                           |  12.5 kb
tdc.ocx                                                               |  85.5 kb
tdh.dll                                                               |  1101.0 kb
TDLMigration.dll                                                      |  292.0 kb
TEEManagement.dll                                                     |  302.0 kb
TEEManagement64.dll                                                   |  302.0 kb
TEETransport.dll                                                      |  141.5 kb
telephon.cpl                                                          |  106.5 kb
TelephonyInteractiveUser.dll                                          |  142.0 kb
TelephonyInteractiveUserRes.dll                                       |  2.5 kb
TempSignedLicenseExchangeTask.dll                                     |  73.0 kb
termmgr.dll                                                           |  426.0 kb
termsrv.dll                                                           |  1235.5 kb
tetheringclient.dll                                                   |  75.0 kb
tetheringconfigsp.dll                                                 |  52.0 kb
TetheringIeProvider.dll                                               |  15.0 kb
TetheringMgr.dll                                                      |  222.0 kb
tetheringservice.dll                                                  |  232.5 kb
TetheringStation.dll                                                  |  203.5 kb
TextInputFramework.dll                                                |  991.7 kb
TextInputMethodFormatter.dll                                          |  2207.5 kb
TextShaping.dll                                                       |  690.0 kb
themecpl.dll                                                          |  409.5 kb
themeservice.dll                                                      |  69.0 kb
themeui.dll                                                           |  390.5 kb
ThirdPartyNoticesBySHS.txt                                            |  1.3 kb
threadpoolwinrt.dll                                                   |  66.0 kb
thumbcache.dll                                                        |  393.4 kb
ThumbnailExtractionHost.exe                                           |  33.5 kb
tier2punctuations.dll                                                 |  2.5 kb
TieringEngineProxy.dll                                                |  20.0 kb
TieringEngineService.exe                                              |  318.5 kb
TileDataRepository.dll                                                |  592.5 kb
TimeBrokerClient.dll                                                  |  34.5 kb
TimeBrokerServer.dll                                                  |  175.5 kb
timedate.cpl                                                          |  237.5 kb
TimeDateMUICallback.dll                                               |  11.5 kb
timeout.exe                                                           |  32.0 kb
timesync.dll                                                          |  37.0 kb
TimeSyncTask.dll                                                      |  15.0 kb
tlscsp.dll                                                            |  45.5 kb
tokenbinding.dll                                                      |  56.5 kb
TokenBroker.dll                                                       |  1486.5 kb
TokenBrokerCookies.exe                                                |  47.0 kb
TokenBrokerUI.dll                                                     |  77.0 kb
tpm.msc                                                               |  141.5 kb
TpmCertResources.dll                                                  |  3.5 kb
tpmcompc.dll                                                          |  44.0 kb
TpmCoreProvisioning.dll                                               |  1144.5 kb
TpmInit.exe                                                           |  72.0 kb
TpmTasks.dll                                                          |  288.5 kb
TpmTool.exe                                                           |  266.5 kb
tpmvsc.dll                                                            |  312.0 kb
tpmvscmgr.exe                                                         |  100.0 kb
tpmvscmgrsvr.exe                                                      |  123.0 kb
tquery.dll                                                            |  3231.0 kb
tracerpt.exe                                                          |  452.5 kb
TRACERT.EXE                                                           |  18.0 kb
traffic.dll                                                           |  44.0 kb
TransformPPSToWlan.xslt                                               |  10.3 kb
TransformPPSToWlanCredentials.xslt                                    |  1.6 kb
TransliterationRanker.dll                                             |  61.5 kb
tree.com                                                              |  20.5 kb
trie.dll                                                              |  173.5 kb
trkwks.dll                                                            |  112.5 kb
TrustedSignalCredProv.dll                                             |  113.0 kb
tsbyuv.dll                                                            |  16.5 kb
tsf3gip.dll                                                           |  1331.0 kb
tsgqec.dll                                                            |  69.5 kb
tsmf.dll                                                              |  404.5 kb
TSpkg.dll                                                             |  150.0 kb
TSSessionUX.dll                                                       |  86.5 kb
TSTheme.exe                                                           |  67.5 kb
TsUsbGDCoInstaller.dll                                                |  40.5 kb
TsUsbRedirectionGroupPolicyExtension.dll                              |  13.5 kb
TSWbPrxy.exe                                                          |  76.5 kb
TSWorkspace.dll                                                       |  1220.5 kb
TsWpfWrp.exe                                                          |  37.2 kb
ttdinject.exe                                                         |  276.9 kb
ttdloader.dll                                                         |  15.1 kb
ttdplm.dll                                                            |  65.5 kb
ttdrecord.dll                                                         |  633.5 kb
ttdrecordcpu.dll                                                      |  1559.6 kb
TtlsAuth.dll                                                          |  257.5 kb
TtlsCfg.dll                                                           |  219.0 kb
TtlsExt.dll                                                           |  202.5 kb
tttracer.exe                                                          |  84.8 kb
tvratings.dll                                                         |  36.0 kb
TWAINDSM.dll                                                          |  161.5 kb
twext.dll                                                             |  182.0 kb
twinapi.appcore.dll                                                   |  2051.4 kb
twinapi.dll                                                           |  654.0 kb
twinui.appcore.dll                                                    |  644.0 kb
twinui.dll                                                            |  6045.0 kb
twinui.pcshell.dll                                                    |  6267.5 kb
txflog.dll                                                            |  116.5 kb
txfw32.dll                                                            |  12.5 kb
typeperf.exe                                                          |  48.5 kb
tzautoupdate.dll                                                      |  95.5 kb
tzres.dll                                                             |  2.5 kb
tzsync.exe                                                            |  68.5 kb
tzsyncres.dll                                                         |  4.0 kb
tzutil.exe                                                            |  58.5 kb
ubpm.dll                                                              |  274.0 kb
ucmhc.dll                                                             |  63.5 kb
ucrtbase.dll                                                          |  1020.4 kb
ucrtbase_clr0400.dll                                                  |  754.1 kb
ucrtbase_enclave.dll                                                  |  490.3 kb
ucsvc.exe                                                             |  55.3 kb
udhisapi.dll                                                          |  69.0 kb
uDWM.dll                                                              |  986.0 kb
UefiCsp.dll                                                           |  39.0 kb
uexfat.dll                                                            |  108.5 kb
ufat.dll                                                              |  148.5 kb
UiaManager.dll                                                        |  623.0 kb
UIAnimation.dll                                                       |  263.5 kb
UIAutomationCore.dll                                                  |  2991.0 kb
uicom.dll                                                             |  43.5 kb
UIManagerBrokerps.dll                                                 |  13.5 kb
UIMgrBroker.exe                                                       |  37.5 kb
uireng.dll                                                            |  283.5 kb
UIRibbon.dll                                                          |  3985.0 kb
UIRibbonRes.dll                                                       |  815.5 kb
ulib.dll                                                              |  181.3 kb
umb.dll                                                               |  77.0 kb
umdmxfrm.dll                                                          |  19.5 kb
umpdc.dll                                                             |  63.0 kb
umpnpmgr.dll                                                          |  130.0 kb
umpo-overrides.dll                                                    |  61.0 kb
umpo.dll                                                              |  174.0 kb
umpoext.dll                                                           |  169.0 kb
umpowmi.dll                                                           |  89.5 kb
umrdp.dll                                                             |  387.5 kb
unattend.dll                                                          |  202.3 kb
unenrollhook.dll                                                      |  79.0 kb
unimdm.tsp                                                            |  295.0 kb
unimdmat.dll                                                          |  78.0 kb
uniplat.dll                                                           |  22.5 kb
Unistore.dll                                                          |  1164.0 kb
unlodctr.exe                                                          |  41.5 kb
unregmp2.exe                                                          |  259.0 kb
untfs.dll                                                             |  582.0 kb
UpdateAgent.dll                                                       |  2561.3 kb
updatecsp.dll                                                         |  139.0 kb
UpdateDeploymentProvider.dll                                          |  344.0 kb
UpdateHeartbeat.dll                                                   |  110.0 kb
updatepolicy.dll                                                      |  200.5 kb
upfc.exe                                                              |  118.5 kb
UpgradeResultsUI.exe                                                  |  43.5 kb
upnp.dll                                                              |  423.0 kb
upnpcont.exe                                                          |  42.0 kb
upnphost.dll                                                          |  460.5 kb
upshared.dll                                                          |  699.8 kb
uReFS.dll                                                             |  787.5 kb
uReFSv1.dll                                                           |  555.0 kb
ureg.dll                                                              |  32.0 kb
url.dll                                                               |  230.5 kb
urlmon.dll                                                            |  1903.5 kb
UsbCApi.dll                                                           |  40.5 kb
usbceip.dll                                                           |  117.0 kb
usbmon.dll                                                            |  911.5 kb
usbperf.dll                                                           |  14.0 kb
UsbPmApi.dll                                                          |  48.0 kb
UsbSettingsHandlers.dll                                               |  76.5 kb
UsbTask.dll                                                           |  54.5 kb
usbui.dll                                                             |  91.5 kb
user32.dll                                                            |  1662.0 kb
UserAccountBroker.exe                                                 |  46.9 kb
UserAccountControlSettings.dll                                        |  125.0 kb
UserAccountControlSettings.exe                                        |  100.0 kb
useractivitybroker.dll                                                |  196.5 kb
usercpl.dll                                                           |  764.0 kb
UserDataAccessRes.dll                                                 |  8.0 kb
UserDataAccountApis.dll                                               |  445.0 kb
UserDataLanguageUtil.dll                                              |  43.5 kb
UserDataPlatformHelperUtil.dll                                        |  63.0 kb
UserDataService.dll                                                   |  1518.5 kb
UserDataTimeUtil.dll                                                  |  119.5 kb
UserDataTypeHelperUtil.dll                                            |  45.5 kb
UserDeviceRegistration.dll                                            |  216.0 kb
UserDeviceRegistration.Ngc.dll                                        |  338.5 kb
userenv.dll                                                           |  172.5 kb
userinit.exe                                                          |  57.0 kb
userinitext.dll                                                       |  29.5 kb
UserLanguageProfileCallback.dll                                       |  60.0 kb
usermgr.dll                                                           |  1448.5 kb
usermgrcli.dll                                                        |  79.2 kb
UserMgrProxy.dll                                                      |  315.5 kb
usk.rs                                                                |  30.5 kb
usoapi.dll                                                            |  137.0 kb
UsoClient.exe                                                         |  88.5 kb
usocoreps.dll                                                         |  38.5 kb
usocoreworker.exe                                                     |  1380.0 kb
usosvc.dll                                                            |  557.0 kb
usp10.dll                                                             |  77.5 kb
ustprov.dll                                                           |  50.5 kb
UtcDecoderHost.exe                                                    |  129.0 kb
UtcManaged.dll                                                        |  31.5 kb
utcutil.dll                                                           |  103.5 kb
utildll.dll                                                           |  46.9 kb
Utilman.exe                                                           |  123.5 kb
uudf.dll                                                              |  169.0 kb
UvcModel.dll                                                          |  136.0 kb
UXInit.dll                                                            |  113.5 kb
uxlib.dll                                                             |  176.8 kb
uxlibres.dll                                                          |  11.3 kb
uxtheme.dll                                                           |  614.0 kb
vac.dll                                                               |  373.8 kb
VAN.dll                                                               |  332.0 kb
Vault.dll                                                             |  357.5 kb
VaultCDS.dll                                                          |  145.0 kb
vaultcli.dll                                                          |  314.0 kb
VaultCmd.exe                                                          |  30.0 kb
VaultRoaming.dll                                                      |  117.0 kb
vaultsvc.dll                                                          |  362.0 kb
VBICodec.ax                                                           |  166.5 kb
vbisurf.ax                                                            |  46.5 kb
vbsapi.dll                                                            |  139.0 kb
vbscript.dll                                                          |  593.0 kb
vbssysprep.dll                                                        |  82.5 kb
vcamp110.dll                                                          |  376.5 kb
vcamp120.dll                                                          |  470.7 kb
vcamp140.dll                                                          |  396.4 kb
VCardParser.dll                                                       |  184.0 kb
vccorlib110.dll                                                       |  346.0 kb
vccorlib120.dll                                                       |  348.2 kb
vccorlib140.dll                                                       |  326.9 kb
vcomp100.dll                                                          |  55.8 kb
vcomp110.dll                                                          |  135.0 kb
vcomp120.dll                                                          |  134.7 kb
vcomp140.dll                                                          |  176.4 kb
vcruntime140.dll                                                      |  94.9 kb
vcruntime140_1.dll                                                    |  36.4 kb
vcruntime140_clr0400.dll                                              |  85.2 kb
vct3216.acm                                                           |  81.0 kb
vds.exe                                                               |  707.0 kb
vdsbas.dll                                                            |  250.0 kb
vdsdyn.dll                                                            |  589.5 kb
vdsldr.exe                                                            |  26.5 kb
vdsutil.dll                                                           |  132.0 kb
vdsvd.dll                                                             |  59.5 kb
vds_ps.dll                                                            |  106.5 kb
verclsid.exe                                                          |  13.5 kb
verifier.dll                                                          |  386.3 kb
verifier.exe                                                          |  173.8 kb
verifiergui.exe                                                       |  198.5 kb
version.dll                                                           |  30.8 kb
vertdll.dll                                                           |  169.1 kb
vfuprov.dll                                                           |  143.5 kb
vfwwdm32.dll                                                          |  69.0 kb
VhfUm.dll                                                             |  36.5 kb
vid.dll                                                               |  93.3 kb
vidcap.ax                                                             |  33.5 kb
VideoHandlers.dll                                                     |  218.0 kb
VIDRESZR.DLL                                                          |  111.5 kb
virtdisk.dll                                                          |  67.3 kb
VirtualMonitorManager.dll                                             |  93.5 kb
VmApplicationHealthMonitorProxy.dll                                   |  25.5 kb
vmbuspipe.dll                                                         |  28.8 kb
vmdevicehost.dll                                                      |  214.5 kb
vmictimeprovider.dll                                                  |  61.3 kb
vmrdvcore.dll                                                         |  448.0 kb
VocabRoamingHandler.dll                                               |  129.5 kb
VoiceActivationManager.dll                                            |  90.5 kb
VoipRT.dll                                                            |  148.0 kb
vp6vfw.dll                                                            |  428.0 kb
vp9e_64.vp                                                            |  13.7 kb
vpnike.dll                                                            |  720.0 kb
vpnikeapi.dll                                                         |  53.5 kb
VpnSohDesktop.dll                                                     |  11.0 kb
VPNv2CSP.dll                                                          |  259.5 kb
VscMgrPS.dll                                                          |  20.0 kb
vssadmin.exe                                                          |  142.5 kb
vssapi.dll                                                            |  1635.0 kb
vsstrace.dll                                                          |  69.0 kb
VSSVC.exe                                                             |  1460.0 kb
vss_ps.dll                                                            |  60.5 kb
vulkan-1-999-0-0-0.dll                                                |  1398.7 kb
vulkan-1.dll                                                          |  1398.7 kb
vulkaninfo-1-999-0-0-0.exe                                            |  1861.2 kb
vulkaninfo.exe                                                        |  1861.2 kb
w32time.dll                                                           |  511.0 kb
w32tm.exe                                                             |  105.5 kb
w32topl.dll                                                           |  35.5 kb
WaaSAssessment.dll                                                    |  150.5 kb
WaaSMedicAgent.exe                                                    |  109.5 kb
WaaSMedicCapsule.dll                                                  |  350.5 kb
WaaSMedicPS.dll                                                       |  28.5 kb
WaaSMedicSvc.dll                                                      |  423.0 kb
WABSyncProvider.dll                                                   |  68.5 kb
waitfor.exe                                                           |  41.5 kb
WalletBackgroundServiceProxy.dll                                      |  12.5 kb
WalletProxy.dll                                                       |  102.5 kb
WalletService.dll                                                     |  432.0 kb
WallpaperHost.exe                                                     |  23.0 kb
wavemsp.dll                                                           |  259.0 kb
wbadmin.exe                                                           |  322.0 kb
wbemcomn.dll                                                          |  548.0 kb
wbengine.exe                                                          |  1548.0 kb
wbiosrvc.dll                                                          |  859.5 kb
wci.dll                                                               |  25.5 kb
wcimage.dll                                                           |  133.0 kb
wcmapi.dll                                                            |  152.5 kb
wcmcsp.dll                                                            |  246.5 kb
wcmsvc.dll                                                            |  969.5 kb
WcnApi.dll                                                            |  137.0 kb
wcncsvc.dll                                                           |  472.5 kb
WcnEapAuthProxy.dll                                                   |  39.0 kb
WcnEapPeerProxy.dll                                                   |  36.5 kb
WcnNetsh.dll                                                          |  48.5 kb
wcnwiz.dll                                                            |  338.5 kb
wc_storage.dll                                                        |  289.0 kb
wdc.dll                                                               |  722.5 kb
wdfcoinstaller01009.dll                                               |  1690.4 kb
wdi.dll                                                               |  103.0 kb
wdigest.dll                                                           |  218.5 kb
wdmaud.drv                                                            |  253.5 kb
wdscore.dll                                                           |  252.8 kb
WdsUnattendTemplate.xml                                               |  0.6 kb
WEB.rs                                                                |  4.5 kb
webauthn.dll                                                          |  494.5 kb
WebcamUi.dll                                                          |  969.5 kb
webcheck.dll                                                          |  264.0 kb
WebClnt.dll                                                           |  231.0 kb
webio.dll                                                             |  581.5 kb
webplatstorageserver.dll                                              |  1206.0 kb
WebRuntimeManager.dll                                                 |  2513.5 kb
webservices.dll                                                       |  1356.8 kb
Websocket.dll                                                         |  46.0 kb
wecapi.dll                                                            |  79.5 kb
wecsvc.dll                                                            |  200.5 kb
wecutil.exe                                                           |  104.5 kb
wephostsvc.dll                                                        |  28.0 kb
wer.dll                                                               |  868.6 kb
werconcpl.dll                                                         |  872.0 kb
wercplsupport.dll                                                     |  125.0 kb
werdiagcontroller.dll                                                 |  46.0 kb
WerEnc.dll                                                            |  23.7 kb
weretw.dll                                                            |  248.1 kb
WerFault.exe                                                          |  562.8 kb
WerFaultSecure.exe                                                    |  168.0 kb
wermgr.exe                                                            |  224.3 kb
wersvc.dll                                                            |  240.5 kb
werui.dll                                                             |  243.5 kb
wevtapi.dll                                                           |  394.5 kb
wevtfwd.dll                                                           |  100.5 kb
wevtsvc.dll                                                           |  1835.5 kb
wevtutil.exe                                                          |  271.5 kb
wextract.exe                                                          |  143.5 kb
WF.msc                                                                |  112.4 kb
wfapigp.dll                                                           |  24.5 kb
wfdprov.dll                                                           |  40.5 kb
WFDSConMgr.dll                                                        |  71.0 kb
WFDSConMgrSvc.dll                                                     |  662.0 kb
WfHC.dll                                                              |  88.5 kb
WFS.exe                                                               |  944.0 kb
WFSR.dll                                                              |  654.0 kb
whealogr.dll                                                          |  60.3 kb
where.exe                                                             |  42.0 kb
whhelper.dll                                                          |  17.5 kb
whoami.exe                                                            |  72.0 kb
wiaacmgr.exe                                                          |  96.5 kb
wiaaut.dll                                                            |  667.5 kb
wiadefui.dll                                                          |  213.5 kb
wiadss.dll                                                            |  144.0 kb
WiaExtensionHost64.dll                                                |  11.5 kb
wiarpc.dll                                                            |  85.0 kb
wiascanprofiles.dll                                                   |  100.5 kb
wiaservc.dll                                                          |  671.5 kb
wiashext.dll                                                          |  88.5 kb
wiatrace.dll                                                          |  18.5 kb
wiawow64.exe                                                          |  38.0 kb
WiFiCloudStore.dll                                                    |  276.0 kb
WiFiConfigSP.dll                                                      |  41.0 kb
wifidatacapabilityhandler.dll                                         |  44.5 kb
WiFiDisplay.dll                                                       |  378.0 kb
wifinetworkmanager.dll                                                |  786.0 kb
wifitask.exe                                                          |  129.3 kb
WimBootCompress.ini                                                   |  2.3 kb
wimgapi.dll                                                           |  746.8 kb
wimserv.exe                                                           |  509.8 kb
win32appinventorycsp.dll                                              |  100.3 kb
Win32AppSettingsProvider.dll                                          |  144.5 kb
Win32CompatibilityAppraiserCSP.dll                                    |  209.5 kb
win32k.sys                                                            |  583.0 kb
win32kbase.sys                                                        |  2824.5 kb
win32kfull.sys                                                        |  3725.0 kb
win32kns.sys                                                          |  29.5 kb
win32spl.dll                                                          |  899.0 kb
win32u.dll                                                            |  130.7 kb
Win32_DeviceGuard.dll                                                 |  27.5 kb
winbio.dll                                                            |  178.0 kb
WinBioDataModel.dll                                                   |  504.0 kb
WinBioDataModelOOBE.exe                                               |  77.5 kb
winbioext.dll                                                         |  42.0 kb
winbrand.dll                                                          |  200.8 kb
wincorlib.dll                                                         |  427.0 kb
wincredprovider.dll                                                   |  43.5 kb
wincredui.dll                                                         |  211.0 kb
WindowManagement.dll                                                  |  1643.0 kb
WindowManagementAPI.dll                                               |  642.1 kb
Windows.AccountsControl.dll                                           |  1049.5 kb
Windows.AI.MachineLearning.dll                                        |  5595.0 kb
Windows.AI.MachineLearning.Preview.dll                                |  106.0 kb
Windows.ApplicationModel.Background.SystemEventsBroker.dll            |  120.0 kb
Windows.ApplicationModel.Background.TimeBroker.dll                    |  30.5 kb
Windows.ApplicationModel.ConversationalAgent.dll                      |  763.5 kb
windows.applicationmodel.conversationalagent.internal.proxystub.dll   |  71.5 kb
windows.applicationmodel.conversationalagent.proxystub.dll            |  87.0 kb
Windows.ApplicationModel.Core.dll                                     |  218.5 kb
windows.applicationmodel.datatransfer.dll                             |  782.3 kb
Windows.ApplicationModel.dll                                          |  913.5 kb
Windows.ApplicationModel.LockScreen.dll                               |  481.5 kb
Windows.ApplicationModel.Store.dll                                    |  2258.8 kb
Windows.ApplicationModel.Store.Preview.DOSettings.dll                 |  66.5 kb
Windows.ApplicationModel.Store.TestingFramework.dll                   |  314.5 kb
Windows.ApplicationModel.Wallet.dll                                   |  563.5 kb
Windows.CloudStore.dll                                                |  1959.5 kb
Windows.CloudStore.Schema.DesktopShell.dll                            |  152.0 kb
Windows.CloudStore.Schema.Shell.dll                                   |  791.0 kb
Windows.Cortana.Desktop.dll                                           |  579.0 kb
Windows.Cortana.OneCore.dll                                           |  347.0 kb
Windows.Cortana.ProxyStub.dll                                         |  131.0 kb
Windows.Data.Activities.dll                                           |  522.0 kb
Windows.Data.Pdf.dll                                                  |  6567.5 kb
Windows.Devices.AllJoyn.dll                                           |  632.5 kb
Windows.Devices.Background.dll                                        |  88.0 kb
Windows.Devices.Background.ps.dll                                     |  20.5 kb
Windows.Devices.Bluetooth.dll                                         |  2260.5 kb
Windows.Devices.Custom.dll                                            |  98.5 kb
Windows.Devices.Custom.ps.dll                                         |  23.0 kb
Windows.Devices.Enumeration.dll                                       |  526.6 kb
Windows.Devices.Haptics.dll                                           |  186.5 kb
Windows.Devices.HumanInterfaceDevice.dll                              |  282.0 kb
Windows.Devices.Lights.dll                                            |  383.0 kb
Windows.Devices.LowLevel.dll                                          |  583.0 kb
Windows.Devices.Midi.dll                                              |  427.5 kb
Windows.Devices.Perception.dll                                        |  2285.0 kb
Windows.Devices.Picker.dll                                            |  471.5 kb
Windows.Devices.PointOfService.dll                                    |  2029.0 kb
Windows.Devices.Portable.dll                                          |  53.0 kb
Windows.Devices.Printers.dll                                          |  90.0 kb
Windows.Devices.Printers.Extensions.dll                               |  44.0 kb
Windows.Devices.Radios.dll                                            |  213.5 kb
Windows.Devices.Scanners.dll                                          |  222.0 kb
Windows.Devices.Sensors.dll                                           |  1258.0 kb
Windows.Devices.SerialCommunication.dll                               |  151.5 kb
Windows.Devices.SmartCards.dll                                        |  788.5 kb
Windows.Devices.SmartCards.Phone.dll                                  |  554.5 kb
Windows.Devices.Usb.dll                                               |  414.5 kb
Windows.Devices.WiFi.dll                                              |  294.5 kb
Windows.Devices.WiFiDirect.dll                                        |  493.0 kb
Windows.Energy.dll                                                    |  202.0 kb
Windows.FileExplorer.Common.dll                                       |  364.5 kb
Windows.Gaming.Input.dll                                              |  807.5 kb
Windows.Gaming.Preview.dll                                            |  380.0 kb
Windows.Gaming.UI.GameBar.dll                                         |  86.0 kb
Windows.Gaming.XboxLive.Storage.dll                                   |  452.5 kb
Windows.Globalization.dll                                             |  1672.0 kb
Windows.Globalization.Fontgroups.dll                                  |  61.5 kb
Windows.Globalization.PhoneNumberFormatting.dll                       |  759.5 kb
Windows.Graphics.Display.BrightnessOverride.dll                       |  128.6 kb
Windows.Graphics.Display.DisplayEnhancementOverride.dll               |  362.2 kb
Windows.Graphics.dll                                                  |  553.8 kb
Windows.Graphics.Printing.3D.dll                                      |  2254.0 kb
Windows.Graphics.Printing.dll                                         |  814.5 kb
Windows.Graphics.Printing.Workflow.dll                                |  466.5 kb
Windows.Graphics.Printing.Workflow.Native.dll                         |  16.5 kb
Windows.Help.Runtime.dll                                              |  154.5 kb
windows.immersiveshell.serviceprovider.dll                            |  735.0 kb
Windows.Internal.AdaptiveCards.XamlCardRenderer.dll                   |  130.5 kb
Windows.Internal.Bluetooth.dll                                        |  533.5 kb
Windows.Internal.CapturePicker.Desktop.dll                            |  224.0 kb
Windows.Internal.CapturePicker.dll                                    |  170.5 kb
Windows.Internal.Devices.Sensors.dll                                  |  292.0 kb
Windows.Internal.Feedback.Analog.dll                                  |  134.0 kb
Windows.Internal.Feedback.Analog.ProxyStub.dll                        |  23.5 kb
Windows.Internal.Graphics.Display.DisplayColorManagement.dll          |  247.5 kb
Windows.Internal.Graphics.Display.DisplayEnhancementManagement.dll    |  166.5 kb
Windows.Internal.Management.dll                                       |  992.0 kb
Windows.Internal.PlatformExtension.DevicePickerExperience.dll         |  65.5 kb
Windows.Internal.PlatformExtension.MiracastBannerExperience.dll       |  55.5 kb
Windows.Internal.PredictionUnit.dll                                   |  504.5 kb
Windows.Internal.Security.Attestation.DeviceAttestation.dll           |  154.0 kb
Windows.Internal.SecurityMitigationsBroker.dll                        |  47.5 kb
Windows.Internal.Shell.Broker.dll                                     |  864.0 kb
windows.internal.shellcommon.AccountsControlExperience.dll            |  88.0 kb
windows.internal.shellcommon.AppResolverModal.dll                     |  60.5 kb
Windows.Internal.ShellCommon.Broker.dll                               |  133.7 kb
windows.internal.shellcommon.FilePickerExperienceMEM.dll              |  41.0 kb
Windows.Internal.ShellCommon.PrintExperience.dll                      |  40.5 kb
windows.internal.shellcommon.shareexperience.dll                      |  309.5 kb
windows.internal.shellcommon.TokenBrokerModal.dll                     |  58.0 kb
Windows.Internal.Signals.dll                                          |  1039.5 kb
Windows.Internal.System.UserProfile.dll                               |  221.5 kb
Windows.Internal.Taskbar.dll                                          |  174.0 kb
Windows.Internal.UI.BioEnrollment.ProxyStub.dll                       |  91.5 kb
Windows.Internal.UI.Logon.ProxyStub.dll                               |  259.0 kb
Windows.Internal.UI.Shell.WindowTabManager.dll                        |  355.0 kb
Windows.Management.EnrollmentStatusTracking.ConfigProvider.dll        |  69.5 kb
Windows.Management.InprocObjects.dll                                  |  282.0 kb
Windows.Management.Provisioning.ProxyStub.dll                         |  33.5 kb
Windows.Management.Service.dll                                        |  792.5 kb
Windows.Management.Workplace.dll                                      |  244.8 kb
Windows.Management.Workplace.WorkplaceSettings.dll                    |  33.5 kb
Windows.Media.Audio.dll                                               |  1308.0 kb
Windows.Media.BackgroundMediaPlayback.dll                             |  897.5 kb
Windows.Media.BackgroundPlayback.exe                                  |  13.5 kb
Windows.Media.Devices.dll                                             |  578.0 kb
Windows.Media.dll                                                     |  7373.8 kb
Windows.Media.Editing.dll                                             |  1360.5 kb
Windows.Media.FaceAnalysis.dll                                        |  1371.5 kb
Windows.Media.Import.dll                                              |  767.5 kb
Windows.Media.MediaControl.dll                                        |  547.3 kb
Windows.Media.MixedRealityCapture.dll                                 |  1046.0 kb
Windows.Media.Ocr.dll                                                 |  1020.5 kb
Windows.Media.Playback.BackgroundMediaPlayer.dll                      |  894.5 kb
Windows.Media.Playback.MediaPlayer.dll                                |  873.5 kb
Windows.Media.Playback.ProxyStub.dll                                  |  111.0 kb
Windows.Media.Protection.PlayReady.dll                                |  10107.8 kb
Windows.Media.Renewal.dll                                             |  114.0 kb
Windows.Media.Speech.dll                                              |  1823.5 kb
Windows.Media.Speech.UXRes.dll                                        |  555.5 kb
Windows.Media.Streaming.dll                                           |  1108.5 kb
Windows.Media.Streaming.ps.dll                                        |  213.5 kb
Windows.Mirage.dll                                                    |  4271.7 kb
Windows.Mirage.Internal.Capture.Pipeline.ProxyStub.dll                |  58.0 kb
Windows.Mirage.Internal.dll                                           |  847.0 kb
Windows.Networking.BackgroundTransfer.BackgroundManagerPolicy.dll     |  104.5 kb
Windows.Networking.BackgroundTransfer.ContentPrefetchTask.dll         |  494.0 kb
Windows.Networking.BackgroundTransfer.dll                             |  1269.5 kb
Windows.Networking.Connectivity.dll                                   |  719.0 kb
Windows.Networking.dll                                                |  915.5 kb
Windows.Networking.HostName.dll                                       |  209.5 kb
Windows.Networking.NetworkOperators.ESim.dll                          |  390.5 kb
Windows.Networking.NetworkOperators.HotspotAuthentication.dll         |  140.0 kb
Windows.Networking.Proximity.dll                                      |  341.0 kb
Windows.Networking.ServiceDiscovery.Dnssd.dll                         |  115.0 kb
Windows.Networking.Sockets.PushEnabledApplication.dll                 |  145.0 kb
Windows.Networking.UX.EapRequestHandler.dll                           |  615.5 kb
Windows.Networking.Vpn.dll                                            |  1487.5 kb
Windows.Networking.XboxLive.ProxyStub.dll                             |  74.0 kb
Windows.Payments.dll                                                  |  575.0 kb
Windows.Perception.Stub.dll                                           |  1032.0 kb
Windows.Security.Authentication.Identity.Provider.dll                 |  263.5 kb
Windows.Security.Authentication.OnlineId.dll                          |  950.0 kb
Windows.Security.Authentication.Web.Core.dll                          |  1119.5 kb
Windows.Security.Credentials.UI.CredentialPicker.dll                  |  111.5 kb
Windows.Security.Credentials.UI.UserConsentVerifier.dll               |  140.0 kb
Windows.Security.Integrity.dll                                        |  56.3 kb
Windows.Services.TargetedContent.dll                                  |  1156.8 kb
Windows.SharedPC.AccountManager.dll                                   |  218.0 kb
Windows.SharedPC.CredentialProvider.dll                               |  158.0 kb
Windows.Shell.BlueLightReduction.dll                                  |  312.5 kb
Windows.Shell.ServiceHostBuilder.dll                                  |  97.5 kb
Windows.Shell.StartLayoutPopulationEvents.dll                         |  22.0 kb
Windows.StateRepository.dll                                           |  5721.3 kb
Windows.StateRepositoryBroker.dll                                     |  114.8 kb
Windows.StateRepositoryClient.dll                                     |  243.8 kb
Windows.StateRepositoryCore.dll                                       |  58.0 kb
Windows.StateRepositoryPS.dll                                         |  1306.3 kb
Windows.StateRepositoryUpgrade.dll                                    |  262.5 kb
Windows.Storage.ApplicationData.dll                                   |  381.3 kb
Windows.Storage.Compression.dll                                       |  178.5 kb
windows.storage.dll                                                   |  7797.0 kb
Windows.Storage.OneCore.dll                                           |  198.5 kb
Windows.Storage.Search.dll                                            |  773.0 kb
Windows.System.Diagnostics.dll                                        |  348.0 kb
Windows.System.Diagnostics.Telemetry.PlatformTelemetryClient.dll      |  56.0 kb
Windows.System.Diagnostics.TraceReporting.PlatformDiagnosticActions.dll|  106.5 kb
Windows.System.Launcher.dll                                           |  739.0 kb
Windows.System.Profile.HardwareId.dll                                 |  147.3 kb
Windows.System.Profile.PlatformDiagnosticsAndUsageDataSettings.dll    |  70.5 kb
Windows.System.Profile.RetailInfo.dll                                 |  138.0 kb
Windows.System.Profile.SystemId.dll                                   |  61.0 kb
Windows.System.Profile.SystemManufacturers.dll                        |  53.0 kb
Windows.System.RemoteDesktop.dll                                      |  23.0 kb
Windows.System.SystemManagement.dll                                   |  314.0 kb
Windows.System.UserDeviceAssociation.dll                              |  92.0 kb
Windows.System.UserProfile.DiagnosticsSettings.dll                    |  63.5 kb
Windows.UI.Accessibility.dll                                          |  103.0 kb
Windows.UI.AppDefaults.dll                                            |  278.5 kb
Windows.UI.BioFeedback.dll                                            |  355.0 kb
Windows.UI.BlockedShutdown.dll                                        |  399.5 kb
Windows.UI.Core.TextInput.dll                                         |  1015.5 kb
Windows.UI.Cred.dll                                                   |  1554.0 kb
Windows.UI.CredDialogController.dll                                   |  318.5 kb
Windows.UI.dll                                                        |  1286.7 kb
Windows.UI.FileExplorer.dll                                           |  268.0 kb
Windows.UI.Immersive.dll                                              |  1232.5 kb
Windows.UI.Input.Inking.Analysis.dll                                  |  4406.0 kb
Windows.UI.Input.Inking.dll                                           |  1782.0 kb
Windows.UI.Internal.Input.ExpressiveInput.dll                         |  194.5 kb
Windows.UI.Internal.Input.ExpressiveInput.Resource.dll                |  82.5 kb
Windows.UI.Logon.dll                                                  |  3021.0 kb
Windows.UI.NetworkUXController.dll                                    |  84.0 kb
Windows.UI.PicturePassword.dll                                        |  2680.0 kb
Windows.UI.Search.dll                                                 |  890.5 kb
Windows.UI.Shell.dll                                                  |  40.5 kb
Windows.UI.Shell.Internal.AdaptiveCards.dll                           |  1398.5 kb
Windows.UI.Storage.dll                                                |  137.0 kb
Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.dll                                          |  3931.0 kb
Windows.UI.Xaml.dll                                                   |  17149.5 kb
Windows.UI.Xaml.InkControls.dll                                       |  951.0 kb
Windows.UI.Xaml.Maps.dll                                              |  1328.5 kb
Windows.UI.Xaml.Phone.dll                                             |  1238.5 kb
Windows.UI.Xaml.Resources.19h1.dll                                    |  689.5 kb
Windows.UI.Xaml.Resources.Common.dll                                  |  43.0 kb
Windows.UI.Xaml.Resources.rs1.dll                                     |  446.0 kb
Windows.UI.Xaml.Resources.rs2.dll                                     |  497.0 kb
Windows.UI.Xaml.Resources.rs3.dll                                     |  603.0 kb
Windows.UI.Xaml.Resources.rs4.dll                                     |  630.5 kb
Windows.UI.Xaml.Resources.rs5.dll                                     |  684.5 kb
Windows.UI.Xaml.Resources.th.dll                                      |  294.0 kb
Windows.UI.Xaml.Resources.win81.dll                                   |  236.0 kb
Windows.UI.Xaml.Resources.win8rtm.dll                                 |  139.0 kb
Windows.UI.XamlHost.dll                                               |  208.0 kb
Windows.WARP.JITService.dll                                           |  64.0 kb
Windows.WARP.JITService.exe                                           |  71.5 kb
Windows.Web.Diagnostics.dll                                           |  230.0 kb
Windows.Web.dll                                                       |  756.5 kb
Windows.Web.Http.dll                                                  |  1479.0 kb
WindowsActionDialog.exe                                               |  61.0 kb
WindowsCodecs.dll                                                     |  1743.7 kb
WindowsCodecsExt.dll                                                  |  268.5 kb
WindowsCodecsRaw.dll                                                  |  31844.5 kb
WindowsCodecsRaw.txt                                                  |  1.6 kb
WindowsDefaultHeatProcessor.dll                                       |  123.0 kb
WindowsInternal.ComposableShell.ComposerFramework.dll                 |  715.0 kb
WindowsInternal.ComposableShell.DesktopHosting.dll                    |  165.0 kb
WindowsInternal.Shell.CompUiActivation.dll                            |  75.5 kb
windowslivelogin.dll                                                  |  276.5 kb
WindowsManagementServiceWinRt.ProxyStub.dll                           |  80.2 kb
windowsperformancerecordercontrol.dll                                 |  1183.5 kb
WindowsSecurityIcon.png                                               |  0.7 kb
windowsudk.shellcommon.dll                                            |  2187.5 kb
WindowsUpdateElevatedInstaller.exe                                    |  42.5 kb
winethc.dll                                                           |  91.0 kb
WinFax.dll                                                            |  31.0 kb
winhttp.dll                                                           |  1062.2 kb
winhttpcom.dll                                                        |  100.5 kb
WinHvEmulation.dll                                                    |  126.5 kb
WinHvPlatform.dll                                                     |  131.5 kb
wininet.dll                                                           |  4920.5 kb
wininetlui.dll                                                        |  68.5 kb
wininit.exe                                                           |  410.6 kb
wininitext.dll                                                        |  45.3 kb
winipcfile.dll                                                        |  501.0 kb
winipcsecproc.dll                                                     |  883.5 kb
winipsec.dll                                                          |  99.5 kb
winjson.dll                                                           |  147.0 kb
Winlangdb.dll                                                         |  186.0 kb
winload.efi                                                           |  1786.1 kb
winload.exe                                                           |  1525.2 kb
winlogon.exe                                                          |  888.0 kb
winlogonext.dll                                                       |  81.5 kb
winmde.dll                                                            |  1729.1 kb
winml.dll                                                             |  40.5 kb
winmm.dll                                                             |  143.8 kb
winmmbase.dll                                                         |  141.2 kb
winmsipc.dll                                                          |  2289.0 kb
WinMsoIrmProtector.dll                                                |  86.0 kb
winnlsres.dll                                                         |  19.5 kb
winnsi.dll                                                            |  34.8 kb
WinOpcIrmProtector.dll                                                |  80.0 kb
WinREAgent.dll                                                        |  260.8 kb
winresume.efi                                                         |  1363.9 kb
winresume.exe                                                         |  1172.7 kb
winrm.cmd                                                             |  0.0 kb
winrm.vbs                                                             |  199.3 kb
winrnr.dll                                                            |  48.0 kb
winrs.exe                                                             |  51.5 kb
winrscmd.dll                                                          |  119.5 kb
winrshost.exe                                                         |  28.5 kb
winrsmgr.dll                                                          |  2.0 kb
winrssrv.dll                                                          |  14.5 kb
WinRTNetMUAHostServer.exe                                             |  20.0 kb
WinRtTracing.dll                                                      |  180.5 kb
WinSAT.exe                                                            |  2745.0 kb
WinSATAPI.dll                                                         |  368.5 kb
WinSCard.dll                                                          |  247.0 kb
WinSetupUI.dll                                                        |  380.3 kb
winshfhc.dll                                                          |  19.5 kb
winsku.dll                                                            |  326.5 kb
winsockhc.dll                                                         |  96.0 kb
winspool.drv                                                          |  577.0 kb
winsqlite3.dll                                                        |  872.9 kb
WINSRPC.DLL                                                           |  26.0 kb
winsrv.dll                                                            |  61.5 kb
winsrvext.dll                                                         |  101.0 kb
winsta.dll                                                            |  343.0 kb
WinSync.dll                                                           |  803.0 kb
WinSyncMetastore.dll                                                  |  225.0 kb
WinSyncProviders.dll                                                  |  133.5 kb
wintrust.dll                                                          |  402.5 kb
WinTypes.dll                                                          |  1362.3 kb
winusb.dll                                                            |  29.0 kb
winusb.sys                                                            |  104.5 kb
winver.exe                                                            |  58.0 kb
WiredNetworkCSP.dll                                                   |  44.5 kb
wisp.dll                                                              |  254.0 kb
witnesswmiv2provider.dll                                              |  36.0 kb
wkscli.dll                                                            |  89.8 kb
wkspbroker.exe                                                        |  277.9 kb
wkspbrokerAx.dll                                                      |  137.0 kb
wksprt.exe                                                            |  439.5 kb
wksprtPS.dll                                                          |  31.0 kb
wkssvc.dll                                                            |  295.0 kb
wlanapi.dll                                                           |  459.5 kb
wlancfg.dll                                                           |  303.5 kb
WLanConn.dll                                                          |  575.0 kb
wlandlg.dll                                                           |  197.5 kb
wlanext.exe                                                           |  101.0 kb
wlangpui.dll                                                          |  385.5 kb
WLanHC.dll                                                            |  211.0 kb
wlanhlp.dll                                                           |  16.5 kb
WlanMediaManager.dll                                                  |  738.0 kb
WlanMM.dll                                                            |  391.0 kb
wlanmsm.dll                                                           |  425.5 kb
wlanpref.dll                                                          |  758.5 kb
WlanRadioManager.dll                                                  |  67.5 kb
wlansec.dll                                                           |  469.5 kb
wlansvc.dll                                                           |  2595.5 kb
wlansvcpal.dll                                                        |  35.5 kb
wlanui.dll                                                            |  412.5 kb
wlanutil.dll                                                          |  3.5 kb
Wldap32.dll                                                           |  320.0 kb
wldp.dll                                                              |  170.0 kb
wlgpclnt.dll                                                          |  119.0 kb
wlidcli.dll                                                           |  697.0 kb
wlidcredprov.dll                                                      |  285.5 kb
wlidfdp.dll                                                           |  100.0 kb
wlidnsp.dll                                                           |  65.5 kb
wlidprov.dll                                                          |  650.0 kb
wlidres.dll                                                           |  29.5 kb
wlidsvc.dll                                                           |  2191.5 kb
wlihvui.dll                                                           |  4165.1 kb
wlrmdr.exe                                                            |  66.6 kb
WMADMOD.DLL                                                           |  742.5 kb
WMADMOE.DLL                                                           |  726.8 kb
WMALFXGFXDSP.dll                                                      |  1777.0 kb
WMASF.DLL                                                             |  333.9 kb
wmcodecdspps.dll                                                      |  14.0 kb
wmdmlog.dll                                                           |  40.0 kb
wmdmps.dll                                                            |  93.5 kb
wmdrmsdk.dll                                                          |  7.5 kb
wmerror.dll                                                           |  2.5 kb
wmi.dll                                                               |  5.5 kb
wmiclnt.dll                                                           |  48.0 kb
wmicmiplugin.dll                                                      |  352.3 kb
wmidcom.dll                                                           |  172.5 kb
wmidx.dll                                                             |  198.0 kb
WmiMgmt.msc                                                           |  141.3 kb
wmiprop.dll                                                           |  30.5 kb
wmitomi.dll                                                           |  210.5 kb
WMNetMgr.dll                                                          |  1325.5 kb
wmp.dll                                                               |  11177.0 kb
WMPDMC.exe                                                            |  1531.5 kb
WmpDui.dll                                                            |  364.5 kb
wmpdxm.dll                                                            |  216.5 kb
wmpeffects.dll                                                        |  304.2 kb
WMPhoto.dll                                                           |  373.0 kb
wmploc.DLL                                                            |  2.5 kb
wmpps.dll                                                             |  379.0 kb
wmpshell.dll                                                          |  126.0 kb
wmsgapi.dll                                                           |  20.0 kb
WMSPDMOD.DLL                                                          |  970.5 kb
WMSPDMOE.DLL                                                          |  1224.0 kb
WMVCORE.DLL                                                           |  2396.9 kb
WMVDECOD.DLL                                                          |  2464.5 kb
wmvdspa.dll                                                           |  209.0 kb
WMVENCOD.DLL                                                          |  2244.7 kb
WMVSDECD.DLL                                                          |  339.0 kb
WMVSENCD.DLL                                                          |  441.0 kb
WMVXENCD.DLL                                                          |  673.5 kb
WofTasks.dll                                                          |  30.0 kb
WofUtil.dll                                                           |  35.5 kb
WordBreakers.dll                                                      |  43.0 kb
WorkFolders.exe                                                       |  103.0 kb
WorkfoldersControl.dll                                                |  873.0 kb
WorkFoldersGPExt.dll                                                  |  106.0 kb
WorkFoldersRes.dll                                                    |  60.5 kb
WorkFoldersShell.dll                                                  |  225.0 kb
workfolderssvc.dll                                                    |  2180.8 kb
wosc.dll                                                              |  267.5 kb
wow64.dll                                                             |  344.5 kb
wow64cpu.dll                                                          |  20.8 kb
wow64win.dll                                                          |  519.5 kb
wowreg32.exe                                                          |  17.5 kb
WpAXHolder.dll                                                        |  442.0 kb
wpbcreds.dll                                                          |  101.0 kb
Wpc.dll                                                               |  1604.5 kb
WpcApi.dll                                                            |  329.0 kb
wpcatltoast.png                                                       |  9.9 kb
WpcDesktopMonSvc.dll                                                  |  1827.0 kb
WpcMon.exe                                                            |  1146.0 kb
wpcmon.png                                                            |  4.6 kb
WpcProxyStubs.dll                                                     |  39.5 kb
WpcRefreshTask.dll                                                    |  1010.0 kb
WpcTok.exe                                                            |  252.5 kb
WpcWebFilter.dll                                                      |  809.0 kb
wpdbusenum.dll                                                        |  90.5 kb
WpdMtp.dll                                                            |  227.0 kb
WpdMtpUS.dll                                                          |  157.5 kb
wpdshext.dll                                                          |  621.5 kb
WPDShextAutoplay.exe                                                  |  30.0 kb
WPDShServiceObj.dll                                                   |  65.5 kb
WPDSp.dll                                                             |  376.0 kb
wpd_ci.dll                                                            |  225.5 kb
wpnapps.dll                                                           |  1303.5 kb
wpnclient.dll                                                         |  360.0 kb
wpncore.dll                                                           |  1471.5 kb
wpninprc.dll                                                          |  23.5 kb
wpnpinst.exe                                                          |  22.0 kb
wpnprv.dll                                                            |  635.5 kb
wpnservice.dll                                                        |  239.5 kb
wpnsruprov.dll                                                        |  37.0 kb
WpnUserService.dll                                                    |  83.5 kb
WpPortingLibrary.dll                                                  |  14.5 kb
WppRecorderUM.dll                                                     |  11.5 kb
wpr.config.xml                                                        |  0.7 kb
wpr.exe                                                               |  313.5 kb
WPTaskScheduler.dll                                                   |  172.0 kb
wpx.dll                                                               |  1296.3 kb
write.exe                                                             |  11.0 kb
ws2help.dll                                                           |  4.5 kb
ws2_32.dll                                                            |  417.2 kb
wscadminui.exe                                                        |  9.0 kb
wscapi.dll                                                            |  292.1 kb
wscinterop.dll                                                        |  218.5 kb
wscisvif.dll                                                          |  27.5 kb
WSClient.dll                                                          |  13.5 kb
WSCollect.exe                                                         |  93.0 kb
wscproxystub.dll                                                      |  18.5 kb
wscript.exe                                                           |  166.5 kb
wscsvc.dll                                                            |  324.9 kb
wscui.cpl                                                             |  83.0 kb
WSDApi.dll                                                            |  690.0 kb
wsdchngr.dll                                                          |  55.5 kb
WSDPrintProxy.DLL                                                     |  90.5 kb
WSDScanProxy.dll                                                      |  69.0 kb
wsecedit.dll                                                          |  688.0 kb
wsepno.dll                                                            |  87.0 kb
wshbth.dll                                                            |  62.5 kb
wshcon.dll                                                            |  24.5 kb
wshelper.dll                                                          |  22.5 kb
wshext.dll                                                            |  101.0 kb
wshhyperv.dll                                                         |  18.2 kb
wship6.dll                                                            |  12.5 kb
wshom.ocx                                                             |  144.0 kb
wshqos.dll                                                            |  20.0 kb
wshrm.dll                                                             |  18.5 kb
WSHTCPIP.DLL                                                          |  12.5 kb
wshunix.dll                                                           |  17.1 kb
wsl.exe                                                               |  105.0 kb
wslapi.dll                                                            |  166.5 kb
WsmAgent.dll                                                          |  32.0 kb
wsmanconfig_schema.xml                                                |  4.6 kb
WSManHTTPConfig.exe                                                   |  42.0 kb
WSManMigrationPlugin.dll                                              |  86.5 kb
WsmAuto.dll                                                           |  176.0 kb
wsmplpxy.dll                                                          |  16.0 kb
wsmprovhost.exe                                                       |  45.5 kb
WsmPty.xsl                                                            |  1.5 kb
WsmRes.dll                                                            |  60.5 kb
WsmSvc.dll                                                            |  2745.5 kb
WsmTxt.xsl                                                            |  2.4 kb
WsmWmiPl.dll                                                          |  314.5 kb
wsnmp32.dll                                                           |  64.5 kb
wsock32.dll                                                           |  18.5 kb
wsplib.dll                                                            |  44.5 kb
wsp_fs.dll                                                            |  1984.4 kb
wsp_health.dll                                                        |  1721.9 kb
wsp_sr.dll                                                            |  943.3 kb
wsqmcons.exe                                                          |  110.0 kb
WSReset.exe                                                           |  92.0 kb
WSTPager.ax                                                           |  93.0 kb
wtsapi32.dll                                                          |  65.6 kb
wuapi.dll                                                             |  906.5 kb
wuapihost.exe                                                         |  11.0 kb
wuauclt.exe                                                           |  63.5 kb
wuaueng.dll                                                           |  3326.5 kb
wuceffects.dll                                                        |  241.0 kb
WUDFCoinstaller.dll                                                   |  50.0 kb
WUDFCompanionHost.exe                                                 |  158.0 kb
WUDFHost.exe                                                          |  265.5 kb
WUDFPlatform.dll                                                      |  192.2 kb
WudfSMCClassExt.dll                                                   |  54.5 kb
WUDFx.dll                                                             |  581.5 kb
WUDFx02000.dll                                                        |  747.5 kb
wudriver.dll                                                          |  108.0 kb
wups.dll                                                              |  83.5 kb
wups2.dll                                                             |  62.5 kb
wusa.exe                                                              |  337.0 kb
wuuhext.dll                                                           |  517.5 kb
wuuhosdeployment.dll                                                  |  267.5 kb
wvc.dll                                                               |  566.5 kb
WwaApi.dll                                                            |  556.0 kb
WwaExt.dll                                                            |  40.0 kb
WWAHost.exe                                                           |  971.8 kb
WWanAPI.dll                                                           |  564.9 kb
wwancfg.dll                                                           |  103.0 kb
wwanconn.dll                                                          |  495.0 kb
WWanHC.dll                                                            |  71.5 kb
wwanmm.dll                                                            |  540.5 kb
Wwanpref.dll                                                          |  51.5 kb
wwanprotdim.dll                                                       |  109.5 kb
WwanRadioManager.dll                                                  |  89.5 kb
wwansvc.dll                                                           |  1481.5 kb
wwapi.dll                                                             |  95.3 kb
x3daudio1_0.dll                                                       |  16.2 kb
xactengine2_1.dll                                                     |  344.2 kb
xactengine3_7.dll                                                     |  172.8 kb
XamlTileRender.dll                                                    |  228.5 kb
XAPOFX1_5.dll                                                         |  75.8 kb
XAudio2_7.dll                                                         |  506.3 kb
XAudio2_8.dll                                                         |  3.5 kb
XAudio2_9.dll                                                         |  609.0 kb
XblAuthManager.dll                                                    |  1024.5 kb
XblAuthManagerProxy.dll                                               |  91.5 kb
XblAuthTokenBrokerExt.dll                                             |  112.0 kb
XblGameSave.dll                                                       |  1261.0 kb
XblGameSaveExt.dll                                                    |  156.0 kb
XblGameSaveProxy.dll                                                  |  39.0 kb
XblGameSaveTask.exe                                                   |  33.0 kb
XboxGipRadioManager.dll                                               |  68.5 kb
xboxgipsvc.dll                                                        |  71.0 kb
xboxgipsynthetic.dll                                                  |  83.0 kb
XboxNetApiSvc.dll                                                     |  1265.0 kb
xcopy.exe                                                             |  49.5 kb
xinput1_1.dll                                                         |  81.7 kb
XInput1_4.dll                                                         |  44.5 kb
XInput9_1_0.dll                                                       |  11.0 kb
XInputUap.dll                                                         |  48.5 kb
xmlfilter.dll                                                         |  68.5 kb
xmllite.dll                                                           |  210.3 kb
xmlprovi.dll                                                          |  21.5 kb
xolehlp.dll                                                           |  63.0 kb
XpsDocumentTargetPrint.dll                                            |  353.0 kb
XpsFilt.dll                                                           |  863.5 kb
XpsGdiConverter.dll                                                   |  445.0 kb
XpsPrint.dll                                                          |  1622.0 kb
XpsRasterService.dll                                                  |  568.5 kb
xpsrchvw.exe                                                          |  4362.5 kb
xpsrchvw.xml                                                          |  74.3 kb
xpsservices.dll                                                       |  2778.0 kb
XPSSHHDR.dll                                                          |  97.5 kb
xvid.ax                                                               |  52.0 kb
xvidcore.dll                                                          |  512.0 kb
xvidvfw.dll                                                           |  136.0 kb
xwizard.dtd                                                           |  3.9 kb
xwizard.exe                                                           |  62.5 kb
xwizards.dll                                                          |  442.0 kb
xwreg.dll                                                             |  118.5 kb
xwtpdui.dll                                                           |  261.5 kb
xwtpw32.dll                                                           |  144.5 kb
X_80.contrast-black.png                                               |  0.6 kb
X_80.contrast-white.png                                               |  0.6 kb
X_80.png                                                              |  0.6 kb
zipcontainer.dll                                                      |  78.0 kb
zipfldr.dll                                                           |  275.0 kb
ztrace_maps.dll                                                       |  30.0 kb
